this you're a very popular what I would
call conservative thinker but you're
very young how did this all happen how
did you become this FoxNews personality
conservative thinker yeah I mean I just
like launched a YouTube channel and yeah
YouTube where where magic happens a
strange places it's the strangest
strange place yeah it's the Internet
strange things happen on the internet
but yeah I just kind of I was really
passionate I understood I had studied
for like it sounds strange for like I
spent a year underground like studying
politics once I had my red pill moment
that's what you want to explain that
because you used to be a liberal right
and then you became a conservative
that's correct
so what was it so the story like really
starts with like high school I guess
like there you know how things can
happen you in life they don't make sense
when they happen you're like why God me
and then when you get a little older and
you're like this makes perfect sense
right so I was the quote-unquote victim
of a hate crime when I was in high
school when you say quote unquote victim
you know I hate the word victim and it's
I'm like and again early I can see why
early on I've sort of developed this
mentality that like being a there's no
value in being a victim and people rush
to call people a victim they rush to
call somebody aggressor so how do you
describe that you experienced it
experienced something that was labeled a
hate crime I wouldn't even call it hate
crime I think we live in a label
obsessed culture and before we seek to
understand what happened we seek to like
put in a box yeah like someone has to be
a demon someone has to be anymore
so what happened was I received some
voicemail messages from about four kids
and that like you know the language was
it was pretty strong it was like we're
in a tar and feather your family we're
gonna put a bolo back here how that we
did to Martin Luther King like you know
n-word n-word n-word you received these
on your phone on my cell phone yeah
how'd they get your phone number
it was a prank phone call so I didn't
know I was like four male voices and I
was like in high school at the time and
I was like okay I cannot think of for a
human being does that want me dead that
would say they've grown up put a bullet
in the back of your head like we did to
Martin Luther King and Rosa Parks like
naming school where we would part of the
country Stanford High School in
Connecticut okay that's a shithole
yeah yeah it's a total shithole
no connecticut's on the shithole it's a
running joke I'm sorry I have my buddy
Tommy jr. he lives in Connecticut and
I'm always telling dude you gotta move
out Connecticut and it became this
terrible running joke where I talked
about that Connecticut's the worst you
actually have to work there all the time
where what's it well I used to work in
all over Connecticut when I was doing
stand-up I would drive from Boston into
Connecticut I did like a lot of gigs in
Hartford I did gig Hartford is a
shithole it's a shithole Bridgeport is a
shithole shout out tomorrow in Starling
June you know yeah he was a boxer that
came out of Hartford yeah big-time boxer
Marlon Marlon Starling but when you were
in high school right somebody started
doing this prank call and shit on you
and was this one night it was all money
I was like four voice just tied to like
a boyfriend no it was just a boyfriend's
house when I got the calls and I just
like put his silence it was like block
number so I was like I didn't think
anything of it and I'm like when I
listen to it like it was like some
pretty horrific stuff like I definitely
cried you know I was 17 years old and
then the next day at school I took this
like philosophy class and like I don't
know what the topic was I don't know
what prompted me to raise my hand and
like introduce what had happened last
night as like you know a segue maybe I
just need to get off my chest but let
the teacher like spazzed out and was
like get up we're going to the
principal's office like you know you
have to report this he brings me into
the office the principal like freaked
out like she just like the language was
like you know it was shocking you know
and then she called like the resource
officer and then like the next period my
life was like a blackout because it
turned out that three of the kids I had
never even met like they this was like
maybe some kids that had their first
beer one of the kids I was like friends
with but we were arguing because he was
upset that I was like spending so much
time with my boyfriend he's gay
like he wasn't like he just was like
jealous like you know like just like are
you something out of him every day
started hang out my boyfriend was a
stupid thing ya know I he's a hot 100
percent good from what I'm told
but yeah so
got petty yeah jealous and then was like
she'd write three friends and they were
all gonna get drunk and call these call
this black girl and you know it's easy
to say awful things into like this life
you don't have to look at a human being
like it's easy to say awful things but
unfortunately for me one of the people
in the car happened to be the current
governor of Connecticut son oh so this
turned from like some kids prank called
to like said some awful things to like
front page of the newspaper throughout
the entire state of Connecticut a little
bit in New York n double acp outside of
my school I have to live is like this
situation that was talking about outrage
culture my first like introduction to
outrage culture and the things that sort
of formed my thoughts like this was a
very formative experience in my life
