someone's gonna get you could say
anything to this pen so it's it's sort
of it was a formative experience that in
retrospect I understand has so much to
do with why I am Who I am because I
hated that like that label obsessed
culture and the outrage machine and then
like okay we're done but like you know
forget the people that whose lives we
just like now do you know those people
anymore I don't I know like the siblings
of them because I was friends like
that's a thing like one of the people
that was involved I was very good
friends with his brother and it's like
you're just gonna tell me this kids like
a racist like I actually knew the kid's
mother
you know like nobody cared it was just a
story weren't necessarily racist but
they were just stupid and you mean
shitty kids and they'd do that that was
a way that they could scare you right
you know like drunk maybe it was their
first beer right but people could you
hey well the youngest was 14 the
youngest and this person was labeled a
racist
like that's to me is like that's hard
