and no one to me like when I really
thought about that I went through like
five years of like anorexia because of
the situation because of that one yeah
yeah and yeah you went through anorexia
yeah which is so weird now because like
people that know me now look there's no
way you never didn't eat but I did I did
like did not eat for like five years I
had issues with anorexia because I mean
I don't see has a disease that genuinely
is about control it's about a certain
control of your life and I felt that I
had my like my life was fine and then
like people took the narrative and aside
what the term or the narrative was
you're an you're your victim or maybe
you're a liar you know you're these kids
are racist these kids are this and just
nobody really thought that like you
actually ruined all of our lives right
like for a little bit like these kids
went on to have like duis and get
arrested and got into drugs and it was
because it was now pressure of
everything that happened yeah and I was
like would have been totally cooled an
apology like like sorry well good for
