looking for and maybe it's as simple as
what you just said where I've set you in
the past like don't worry about
surprises anymore because look I
recognize how busy your control freak I
and they'd you'd be better at it yeah
but even put that aside and I know how
busy you are and I know that the amount
of time and energy would take to plan
something isn't necessarily the only way
that I can feel affection and love for
me so if it's not the only way why am i
stressing you out by putting this
pressure on you for this and when I can
feel it in other ways that then doesn't
take you away from your focus of the
business right but at the same time you
saying the like surprising like what you
saw yesterday like I actually do get
that as well so but I would never put
pressure on you to because I don't feel
like I need that from you to feel the
affection and love so yeah I would say
