thank you but this just said okay and
Oprah Winfrey was gonna be there now
keep in mind I was trying to reach out
to have this private conversation no
return calls whatever numbers she did
give no longer work just you know what
however it went I could not get to Oprah
Winfrey so I see her this night and I'll
free what it says to me we want you to
understand Monique when we go into the
Red Room you can say whatever's on your
heart almost like there was a universal
energy where this sister knew something
needed to be said I can't say it
factually but you know she said it to me
a few times whatever you need to say
this is the place to say it whatever you
need to say this is a place to say it so
they were going around the room getting
people's feelings on how
felt about when they got this Oscar and
it got to be my turn and I really wasn't
impressed with the Oscar so I really
didn't have anything to say to Lupita
other than baby play it your way this is
your turn
so do it the way you want to do it so
you don't look back and say I wish I
would have no one else can tell you how
to do it but you can do it your way cuz
it's your name that will be called
you're the nominee and then I look to
Oprah Winfrey and I said you know you
and I need to have this conversation why
would you have my mother on your show in
front of everyone so for all the women
that were there the one thing people can
say I'm loud they can say I'm tactless
they can say I'm overbearing it's Oprah
Winfrey that's considered me but what
they've never said is she's a liar ain't
nobody ever said Monique is lying so for
all the women that was there that night
they know exactly what was said and I
said to her how could you have my mother
on your show that's not what we
discussed and you don't understand what
I've had to walk through since you've
had my mother on your show see I got a
deal with women coming up to me in the
wall mice and Monique your mama ain't
shit I got a deal with that now I got a
