if Oprah was Washington's what would you
tell her I would say Oprah Winfrey you
know what you need to do and stop hiding
behind what you call was negative
comments what you call oh I don't even
deal with things like that because what
people are beginning to do is see you
for who you are where Oprah Winfrey and
I have a problem is Oprah Winfrey called
us up and she said my brother wanted to
come on the show and talk about him
molesting me and he wanted to tell other
parents how to look out for molesters my
brother Joe is a charmer so my mind
thought was because she said do you want
to come on I said I don't want nothing
to do with that care I said hey guy I
know is up to a scam but people can
change and Who am I to say he hasn't
changed it might really be different so
I don't want to get in the way of that I
just don't want nothing to do with it
she said if you don't want me to have
your brother on the show I will cancel
the show no show will happen but I
wanted to call you up to see how you
felt first when I hung up that phone
brother I looked at my husband I said
that bitches are right with me that's a
world she kept there cuz she because she
didn't have to call me up she didn't
have to say my brother was coming she
could have just ran with Jim let it
happen
I dick her for that now I begin to see
commercials with my brother my mother my
father and my other brother now the
reason why that means so much is because
in the conversation we had about my
brother we then went deeper and we began
to talk about our relationships with our
mothers and our fathers and I shared my
relationship with her about my mother as
she shared her with me which I will
never repeat because she shared it with
me about her mother and father it might
be something she shared with everybody
but made one to make me feel special I
don't know nonetheless it was in our
moment I shared with her that me and my
mother was not talking I shared with her
we were in a really bad place I shared
with her I was hurt and you know trying
to figure this thing out she never said
my mother was coming on that show
because head Oprah Winfrey said I'm
gonna have your mother I would have said
shut it down I don't need the world
