of your thoughts and see how we can keep
ourselves safe and beginning some some
nice statistics as well so I look
forward to hearing some of your thoughts
there now cybersecurity ventures calls
cybercrime the greatest threat to every
single company in the world it's one of
the biggest challenges facing humanity
what do you think of that to you breathe
on that Robert yeah I do agree with that
I think not only I would expand it not
only is it the single greatest threat to
every company it's the single greatest
threat to every nation you know you look
at the last budget that the president
pushed through even with Obama in the
previous budget there were only two
factions of the military that got
increased spending it was special ops
and cyber security and the fundamental
economics of cyber terrorism or cyber
war or cyber crime are not going to
change and that is it requires very
little capital and resources to launch a
wide scale
attack of any kind you know to buy a
tank or an airplane not only does it
require a lot of money and at 15 is 180
million dollars but it requires a lot of
training the average person can't walk
into a cockpit and use that as a tool
for terrorism but you take two
highly-trained idealistic young people
and they can become weapons of cyber
terrorism pretty quickly and so I think
it fundamentally poses one of the
greatest risks to forward momentum the
reason I say that is technology is such
an incredible enabler to society if we
look at the ability of the things we can
do today with our smart phones or cars
or hotel rooms all of that it is the
basis of humanity the technology will
make things go faster better or simpler
but if that stops what happens source
aside and there are several things that
can stop that one is a critical hit or
infrastructure a general scale war but
we've learned that it's really difficult
to attack big companies or big countries
with people or money but terrorism could
stop the advent of technology so on a
larger scale that's what I worry about I
worry that cybercrime doesn't become
inconvenient or uncomfortable I worry
that becomes so pervasive it stops the
advent of Technology scary now cyber
