our goals
and then we'll go shopping okay we're on
our way to the pantry store we are I I'm
on my way to the Container Store this
morning I've got my measurements I've
got a general idea of what I'm looking
for so let's go shop this is super
bright out here but here we are I'm away
from home
[Music]
jackpot so we are shopping for the
pantry but this is not the pantry
section okay so there are little own
inventory but I thought that these water
hyacinth things would look really pretty
yeah and given the depth of my shelves I
think we're gonna need these bigger ones
so I'm going to ask to see if they have
more in the back because I think this
will be great
[Music]
so if you remember I have super super
deep pantry shelves which means I have
really deep corners and I'm going to
find the biggest turntable they have
here and it's one of our favorites it's
a 21 inch acrylic spin tray I'm not
seeing it on the shelves here but we're
going to ask to see if they have it in
the back because we knew about this size
to really get into those back corners
did it successful shopping trip at the
Container Store I think I got all the
right products
[Music]
we're back from the Container Store I've
picked up my goodies and I'm gonna start
plotting them out into the pantry based
on my map which I did a little
screenshot for you and we're gonna see
how all this product works in the pantry
