shelves here which is kind of nice
thanks for joining me on this pantry
adventure I just wanted to leave you
with a few tips for your own organizing
adventures in your own pantry as a
professional organizer I did this by
myself it took me two days it takes a
lot of time and effort to get a pantry
to look like this so just prepare
yourself set aside some time on a
weekend do it in phases involve your
kids they can help with decanting items
they could help by checking expiration
dates there are things that you can do
to kind of break this up into chunks so
just be prepared and plan accordingly so
here are some additional tips for
organizing your pantry number one don't
over plan I know that sounds silly but
you could really make yourself crazy
trying to plan out in advance every
single product that you're going to use
know that there's gonna be a little bit
of room for error
you're probably gonna buy some products
you can try a couple and know that
you're gonna return some that's always a
good idea number two don't take off any
labels until you've put it into the
space and you know that it works because
the best laid plans always end up having
to change
and if you've taken off the labels you
can't return them anymore tip number
three is maintenance don't let all this
hard work go to waste
maintaining a system does take work set
a calendar reminder and go through your
pantry once a month once every other
month it doesn't have to be super
regular basis but it's gonna overtime
need a little love if you have any
questions about pantry organizing
comment below we'd love to hear from you
also like and subscribe to this channel
for more awesome organizing content and
thanks for joining happy
organizing
