go to start baking and you've got
rock-hard brown sugar okay we did it
guys the pantry organizing is done labor
of love remember it always gets worse
before it gets better I had to remind
myself without probably 20 times during
this process but it is done and I'm
going to give you the full reveal I
started down here with my nuts and my
dried fruits that's something that my
family eats a lot I used these water
hyacinth bins which I think are great
for the depth of my shelf they're easy
to pull out they contain a lot of stuff
I use mason jars for things that I want
to unpack it but you know I do also have
items that remain in their package so
you can do both we're gonna move over
here into the breakfast area what's
really great about this is these
containers allow you to see how much you
have left got one of my awesome giant 21
inch spin trays over here and I've got
just a lot of different breakfast items
on here the breakfast item but also a
lunchtime item something we use a lot
nut butters honey and jelly so those are
all here in these awesome inter design
pantry bins
potatoes go in here these awesome
baskets allow them to breathe also my
onions and garlic other things I cook
with a lot are my oils and my vinegars
which are also on this 21 inch spin tray
and then also into like the cooking
dinner a prep area I've got pastas beans
and grains and dry goods this is sort of
like my catch-all for
I don't know did our prep items that
don't require any sort of like
refrigeration or anything and then if
you were referencing back to my map of
the pantry I actually had the candidates
one shelf below but I realized that the
height here was perfect for this awesome
can Reiser no no if it I level so it's
just functional and easy and it looks
