and if I can win a little bit every day
I can keep going okay good answer next
week do you think that following your
passion is the biggest indicator of
success following your passion what do
you think no you're not asking about me
you're on the spot tonight I think a lot
of people confuse passion with an
industry I think that's true mayor when
you say industry what do you mean by
that well so I'm a pretty hyper guy and
I fell into the computer industry once I
fell into it I found out oh the computer
industry is really hyper it changes
every three years there's a lot of
change that suits my personality I see a
lot of kids say oh I don't like this
industry unlike that industry I think
you have to find the things that you're
naturally good at and then find an
industry that applies to yeah but I
think that's true I think if you're not
passionate about something you're gonna
have a hard time working 23 hours a day
what do you think I absolutely
