yeah were you very organized your final
question i'll stream lisa all right in
the book what i found more interesting
in the main storyline or the very well
expressed lessons along the way we're
little nuances that left me pause and
wondering here's one of them overcome
I'm quoting you Wow did you really write
this book overcoming the dark corners of
our personality that make us insecure is
the key to being accepted and you're
very convincing argument is you need to
be accepted in any sales situation you
need to be accepted for who you are if
you're going to sell anything so what do
you mean by overcoming the dark corners
of our personality that make us insecure
is the key I think that people see us on
the show and they and people say so all
the time must be great to be you you
know you have no fee
here you're confident it's easy and I
always think no matter how big you get
the difference is those insecurities for
me never go away I mean I wake up and
I'm scared of this I'm scared of that I
worry about this or that I wallow in my
own misery some days can I think the
difference is how long I let myself stay
there I think when I was younger it
affect me for days now I just don't have
the luxury of that time I try to limit
those darker moments into you know small
boxes found it fascinating when you tell
