those darker moments into you know small
boxes found it fascinating when you tell
me when you realize that your marriage
was going to end and how distraught you
were about that that you went to your
local priest for advice because you were
feeling depressed and so shocked over
the whole ordeal and feeling sorry for
yourself I read between the lines but
you marched over to Seattle Washington
and you signed up for serving homeless
people in a mission and then you later
went on to describe how that really
helped you get over your own pain there
was that I wasn't sure I got why that
worked and you know I know it did you
know I don't want to make it seem bigger
than it is and makes me sound really
wonderful you know I have to be
completely honest with you I only did it
out of pure selfish reason sure you
wanted to heal yourself and I want to
believe in us and I was very honest with
a friend of mine his best friend is the
priest who runs all the homeless
missions in the state of Washington and
he went there and he said oh how great
that you're here to help others and I
said at I said no I'm you know I that's
great I'm just here to heal myself and I
just felt like if I went I was so low
that I felt if I went and hung out this
could make me sound awful I felt if I
went and hung out with people who were
worse off than me God that sounds awful
you know I think sometimes you just need
to feel like you're the ability to
affect someone else's life I think when
you feel that loss that you have no hope
or you have know that I felt like I had
no VAD
you to add to anybody amazing you're
