have a hard time working 23 hours a day
what do you think I absolutely
I would add that I think passion is
overrated has been my experience because
my passion about roaster no couldn't kim
crap about real estate wasn't i think
but what i was there i don't believe i
that's the truth somewhere along the way
you fell in love with real estate
somewhere along the way I did not and
this either sure how could you work all
those hours and not love it because I
was in love with finding great talent
nurturing great talent
managing salespeople motivating them
putting on a damn good party or a sales
meeting designing my offices to make
them look like spas putting my face in
magazines and marketing the crap out of
myself
love you love managing you love leading
people wait why are you telling me what
I love because I find it hard to believe
