me why why did he hire you so I'm
sitting there and I actually was in the
film business you don't know this story
actually I did or you know that a hunter
turns to
and I produced the Winter Olympics for
Canada when I was like 19 or something
it was a big deal
and my head was this big but I couldn't
get a job so my roommate Steve who has a
master's in computer science and a
doctorate in math went for this
interview with a computer company and he
didn't get the job and so I'm
complaining how I can't get a job in
film he's complaining and he tells me
the starting salary is $30,000 this is
way back Wow and I'm like what so I
called the guy out by going for an
interview I'm sitting there and this was
the former head of IBM Canada
he's starting this little tech company
and he's looking for employee number one
and he realizes really quickly have he
says do you have any sales experiences
no says to have any computer experience
I said no and I can tell he's he's kind
of getting up slowly to to leave and I
said but you have to hire me and it
looks something said but you have to
hire me I said I'll do anything you need
people to answer the phones you know
people to unpack boxes I'll do it all
and so he's halfway up he's like now you
have no experience I say I'll tell you
what I'll work for free and he stops and
he says kid if I hire you for free I
can't depend on you and today I have a
lot of confidence back then I didn't and
somehow I mustered up this confidence
and I said his name was Denis Denis
Hummel
I said Denis you can depend on me and I
put out my hand and he put out
and just before we shook Kansas in one
condition six months from now if I can
do the job you'll pay me what you would
have paid me if I have the experience
how I got my first job so the downside
of that story is great story so I leave
it I'm like wow I got the job I'm like
holy crap how am I going to pay for my
rent so I left that job interview drove
to the fanciest restaurant in you in
downtown Toronto got them to hire me as
a waiter and so I waited after work
until 2:00 in the morning to make enough
money to pay for my rest why are you
yeah and you say that that business many
years I think he didn't leave it there
for many years I ended up running the
entire business no surprise you know it
was great it was a great learning
experience that's always tell kids when
you're in your 20s never take a job for
the money always take the job for
experience you only get one or the other
you never get both right yeah that's
true I really think when you're young
either get the experience or you get the
money but it's hard to get a job when
you young for both well go for
experience oh-ho always yeah bro shut up
what you had to do me or what I'm
curious now what was your what was your
