people wait why are you telling me what
I love because I find it hard to believe
you didn't love real estate I feel safe
but I just told you and believe it or
not it's up to you okay but let me just
say to you of my point was in now
working with so many of these
entrepreneurs in the many years we've
been on Shark Tank I think passion is
grossly overrated - Rochelle Rochelle
Suarez's you don't like the lobster guys
love no a lobster I think the winners
are passionate about what they're doing
maybe not their product always like my
product was realistic but I thought my
real product was salespeople I was in
love with salespeople okay but to the
point to be very direct I have invested
in a lot of businesses where I've lost
my shirt and they've lost tremendous
time and money and they're extremely
passionate about their product or they
believe but they were dead wrong nobody
else was passionate enough to pay for it
and that's a problem well so I think
it's overrated I you can be passionate
but you can't be blind well you have to
humble enough to know when you're wrong
yes right I'm anybody or not but they go
to blogging along with great passion
what are you in the wrong about pressure
