like it at home yeah we're wrong a lot
okay please talk about how running has
inspired you I was going to say but I
don't run but I forgot this is your show
how inspiring I love to run I've been
running for many years I find that the
busier I get the more I need to exercise
it just I'm a pretty hyper guy and it
just calms me down and I know it's going
to sound really weird but running for me
is really hard I don't enjoy it
I've never looked forward to it but
you're always happy when I see you
coming back to the hotel after work
whenever I finish that run I feel like
I've accomplished something and there
are days where I feel like the entire
world against me and if I can get just
that little win it makes me feel better
and if I can win a little bit every day
I can keep going okay good answer next
