now that we're living in the Golden Age
of lying we're living in a post truth
world Donald Trump is the liar in chief
he is the king of lying and now we're
living in a time and I'm sure you feel
this working in media where even as you
fight for the truth
Trust is more important than truth in
other words um Sean Hannity could walk
up to me be like you have mustard on
your shirt I don't believe you why I
don't trust you Sean I don't trust your
opinion on Muslims I sure as hell don't
trust your opinion on mustard I'm sorry
I'm not looking down right but that no
it's not some confirmation bias - yeah
so much of it is you're trusting the
person who confirms all of the bias yes
you have going in exactly the candidate
so whether so whether or not Trump is
liar in chief that's irrelevant when
people trust him the most I
but the truth is still the truth and
that's why you know I wanted to close
with this argument that the job of the
journalist is more important now more
than ever because that's how the
president gets his news he turns on Fox
and Friends and he's like what's
happening in the world and so uh you
know I think I don't mean it Rob I know
he turns on Fox and Friends to find out
what's happening in the world I think he
turns on Fox and the friends to get his
annual morning dose of praise you know
like just a few minutes of like the
Trump the president's doing really well
he also watches Scarborough and he's
like all right now he's not saying good
things about me now you're my enemy so
he's living in this soap opera but the
thing that I wanted to bring to the
stage was like look now journalists when
you mess up when one of you messes up he
blames your entire groups and now you
got to be twice as good you can't make
any mistakes because when one of you
messes up he'll blame the whole batch
and now you know what it feels like to
be a minority and to me putting it that
way to be like hey journalists if now
you can empathize with what it's like to
be a minority to survive the age of
Trump you're gonna have to think like a
minority how do they think like one you
