[Music]
you seem to me like here's someone who's
fearless like if you're shooting a
comedic scene I almost I think that
you're one of those people that would do
almost anything to get the laugh have
you ever said if in situations we've
said nope I'm not gonna do that
yes I'm Aubrey Plaza yes I'll go to the
wall for most things but no not this I
no I don't think so I think you know I
don't do things you know based on what I
would do I in my mind it's what the
character would do and if the character
would do it I'll do it whatever it is
but with this movie there was one well
there was one thing that I ended up
having to do but I didn't want to do it
but the studio basically called us in
the middle of the shoot and said you
know what we're gonna end this movie and
a musical number which is like fine but
I'm not you know there's Zac Efron who's
a musical guy and Anna Kendrick and Adam
Devine her both in those pitch perfect
movies they're all built for that they
know how to I was the one that was like
but I don't know how to do that dance
and sing and they were kind of like well
that's what was gonna happen we're gonna
end it like that and on Saturdays you
have to come to rehearse and you have to
sing and they really like put me through
it and I couldn't say no to that because
they forced me to do it which is fine
but they like you know they they
actually made me do singing lessons like
they had a singing lady there who was
making me do like ah like in front of
the director and I was crying like it
was it not and it wasn't even your
birthday yeah
like it sleeping yeah and that was weird
because I you know I've never been
forced to like record a song and dance
before I felt very like oh well I guess
this is show biz yeah so you you can't
