promise we're trying to we're afraid of
a judgments of others exactly but it's
like I Know Who I am
I'm a loving person if you can't this is
one thing is interesting um a celebrity
I leave nameless and I wanted to text
some a heartfelt message because
something he did was very powerful and
impact me impacted me and someone says
you know you shouldn't text him all of
that because he's busy this and that and
I simply said if I can't text him this
he can't be my friend hmm because this
is who I own I love hard and because I
love all right you have a committed
friend you got someone to go to war with
you you guys don't want to cry with you
someone who will pray with you so I have
to operate in the fullness of who I am
and that's what men are scared of see
the conflict comes when because we feel
it you feel it in a relationship you
want a love without limits but your
guard and that's what that conflict
comes in there to actually say you know
what I'm gonna try being I'm gonna I'm
gonna exercise a masculine attribute I'm
going to be bold and loving my wife hmm
without fear you see how you can use the
masculine right yeah so that's what I do
