what's your biggest insecurity as a
father now your daughter's moved away
yeah I'm a big LA city yeah not being
able to get to her in 20 minutes as I
wrote in my book Mike sir try to be God
in her life
you know you used to try to be that
basically controlling her destiny making
sure you can't you know and I see
I was so religious man that she would
have a vision or an idea if it wasn't in
the bio right it wasn't forgotten of it
wasn't in the Bible it wasn't for God
that's why so many kids run away from
God and churches because it's like this
is condemning it doesn't really a
judgmental it's just condemning it's
like you know you got to do this tonight
and then typically the person who judges
that way don't even live that way so
here it is I'm that way trying to be
controlling worrying like I can control
what my daughter does mm-hmm and I kept
apologizing get out of God's Way and say
hey he created us all to be individuals
and it was very tough for me to even
resolve in my spirit that she's gonna be
in LA but I had to learn that at every
stage in life we have to learn to let go
mm-hmm so when she was going into high
school had to learn to let go when she
went to college I broke down crying
packing my truck I had to learn to let
go
now I got a beautiful daughter who's
