when your injury in football and a
career-ending injury you know but like
what trauma is the same way you know
it's like if you had an all-star on your
basketball team and say he fractured his
ankle you're not gonna throw him right
back out there
unfortunately in society when we
experience an emotional fracture we
expect that we suppose just go back out
and start our date right over and go
again then we wonder why that broken
heart never really heals why the next
relationship fails just like the
previous one because we haven't allowed
our time to get ourselves time to really
heal you know and so that's the same
also with our women as well you know
it's like it's hard when you've been let
down but by so many men and you have the
right one coming and your KTAR us and
Abby fries right but see all of us as
humans in this society we have to get up
and keep going you can't grieve longer
than a week and then if you have
bereavement time that time is actually
spent planning the funeral mmm so we
really never have time to grieve then we
wonder why we're more sad and we're
always in a performance-based mode you
know instead of just saying I want to
live from Who I am and not what
do you know it's very important I'm
