because I was just about to have a baby
and I was I knew it was taking off
because the interview request started
coming in and foreign rights requests
started coming in interesting yeah oh
there's the nice checks coming here yeah
yeah well potentially because I didn't
know what to do with any of it and I was
just saying look we'll get back to you
sometime you know created a new file you
know in foreign rights inquiries check
them all in there and then I was in
hospital and in labor and getting really
harassed for interviews Wow and you know
I was trying to get as much out of the
way before the baby came as in labor and
so I was you know doing this and I did a
few voice ones not many people who
somehow found my phone number and just
caught me and so I'd be doing this
interview and just like yeah and then
this happened to her can you just hold
on a sec okay just hold on one sec
please
you know going through that Wow and then
