they've had their friends visiting and
sharing those memories that's nice yeah
and I wish I'd let myself be happier why
do we not allow ourselves to be happy
happy I think a lot of it's probably
worth you know we don't realize we
deserve to be we're shaped again by the
opinions of others don't want to look a
fool don't want to be too silly and
childish when that's actually great
medicine to be like that it's about the
opinions of others and and just
realizing we actually are allowed to be
that just because someone says we're
this and this and this and this doesn't
mean we're any of that mm-hmm
yeah and so you know you you know it's
something I used to cop as a kid you're
never gonna you you're a dreamer you'll
never amount to anything
you know it's stuff like just to hear
that yeah all the time from this
particularly from my father and he's
encouraging that's okay though that's
okay we healed that's best because cool
but you know if I took I did take that
on for a long time because whenever I'd
have these dreams I think well I'm never
going to amount to anything and I was a
singer/songwriter I started playing when
I was 35 wrote my first song and I'd be
up on this stage and I'd be playing and
I just that's all I'd hear in my head
you know you're a dream and this is
never gonna hang out to anything and I
just shake him you know I'm just the
dream of walking off the stage
and then eventually I you know did my
own healing and realize well that's his
stuff that's his regrets and it's really
got nothing to do with me and if I'm not
going to dream I'm not going to ever get
anywhere you've got to be a dreamer you
have to dare to dream and it's only the
dreamers that that really make huge
significant beautiful change in the
world that shake shake up mmm that's it
