a lot so that's the first the first
regret the second one is I wish I had it
were so hard mmm no I'm curious about
this because I actually believe in
working really hard on a greater purpose
yes my purpose to impact the people
around you your society your community
and to spread a message sure so I go
back and forth when I read that I'm like
what does that mean not work so hard
does it mean like just chill out all day
and relax with your friends and you know
no I mean you gotta make a living you
want to make it impinge you wants to
achieve certain things right yes yeah
but it's also about working efficiently
which I'm sure you do and it's about
leaving space for other areas of your
life and not making work your whole life
so it's not about working so hard that
you don't put all of your your passion
into what you love doing especially if
if you've done the work and you've got
yourself onto a path where you're doing
your life's work and so of course we're
passionate about it we want to you know
bring that message out and share it and
and give it our best love but it's not
our whole life and we need to actually
turn off from work sometimes and say
okay well now I'm going to spend time
with relationships with friends with
family with movement with nature
adventure play all of that because all
of that nourishes our soil as well and
the more we can find space or create
space for those other areas the more
heart we bring to our work anyway and
the more efficiency we bring to our work
that's right that's all well and good to
work a 60-hour week but if you're really
only doing ten hours of quality work I
mean if your health is suffering or
relationships you're missing the juice
of life and that's not success yeah I
agree
