hello and welcome to ivory Plaza
responding to 21st century etiquette
rules by people from the internet number
one don't use all capital letters unless
you are yelling but then again it's
preferable to simply use an exclamation
point or two or three or ten if you want
that was in all caps from son of a dick
son of dick
it could be pronounced sin off dick I
find anything in all caps really funny I
love the idea that someone is screaming
at all times so son of dick and I are
not seeing eye to eye on this one
if your friend posts a photo of their
newborn child hit like and say how cute
he saw she is
don't ask whose it is and this comes
from Kellyanne I don't agree clearly
Kellyanne got herself into some trouble
she has regrets and she's trying to help
us out by I guess telling us to not make
the same mistakes that Kellyanne on
Pinterest made oh this is from one of my
favorite websites askmen.com do not say
anything via sext that you don't plan to
do in real life when it comes to sexting
you should stay as real as possible I
would say this is complete
you shouldn't really write whatever you
want and no one should ever tell you not
to especially not askmen.com that just
sounds terrible if you've got the best
boyfriend girlfriend or child in the
world
tell them to their face don't tell
everyone on Facebook again from
Kellyanne from Pinterest she is really
unhappy with her life I think I don't
agree I think like tell everyone it's a
nice positive thing to talk about your
loved ones and Kellyanne zero me too
you are allowed to ask for the Wi-Fi
password before you say hello that's
from Matthew T Ramirez on Twitter I
agree with that Matthew I think it would
be really jarring if someone just barged
into your house and demanded the Wi-Fi
password before saying hi I think that
would be really lame if I show you a
picture on my phone and you start
swiping our friendship is over
that's from Lauren open D from reddit I
wouldn't end a friendship over that it
always kind of makes your heart go like
when someone does that um but I kind of
like it if a girl posts pictures
