happened to me I understand why they
won't come forward and I'm gonna tell
you a lot of times people go well why
don't you come forward sooner but this
is thing what a person of power breaks
that boundary and violates that boundary
you're a prisoner of war immediately
you're in a camp because you're trying
to figure out when is the right time to
come out
when did the guard turns your head when
they leave a door open you're digging
tunnels with spoons and you're trying to
find a way out and you get out and then
you finally find freedom and somebody
said well it must not be that bad yeah
you should have came out sooner finally
got free and this being that a lot of
people just don't understand
and they end up blaming the victim and I
totally said I will not be shamed I will
not be shamed I did nothing wrong
nothing and the whole deal is people
like well why did you do this why are
you doing that you know what why don't
you ask what he's doing why is it not
why is it out of Bennett sitting here
right now explaining his side it's a
