bizarre to both of us and we just and I
just literally I said that's now when I
looked at him it was rage and when I say
rage I I felt like I could punch a hole
in his head okay but this is the deal my
wife told me three years earlier she
said Terry you could never handle any
situation like this with violence you
are a target you can be gonna be baited
and pull if you we got basically let me
tell you something I've done it before
but this is the deal when I grabbed her
hand and I left that party we were only
there for like a half an hour and I got
in a car I almost ripped the steering
wheel off and she just kept sitting I'm
proud of you
I'm proud of you
and I said man calm she calmed you down
and he calmed me down because she was
the one who told me that this kind of
thing would happen and that it you could
be beta this is big if I would have just
retaliated in defense I would be under
the jail right now and that's one thing
I knew that being a large
african-american man in America I would
immediately be seen as a thug but I'm
not a lot of people would say if
something that happened to me the first
thing I would do is I would strike back
in my body but you chose not to do that
well literally my wife had me prepared
this is so beautiful about it because
she had me prepare she knew something
like this could happen and man and when
it did she was just right there for me
she's right there with me as she saw the
whole and then last week we saw it in a
