the first time I ever actually had an
interaction with him was at this event
and I literally I'm looking at him and
he's basically staring at me and he's
sticking his tongue out and you know
it's over just overtly sexual kind of
tongue mousse and I'm sitting like it's
a party it's packed the whole thing and
I'm looking like oh it's just a joke I
mean I don't I don't understand it was
actually so bizarre he keeps coming over
to me he comes over to me I'll stick my
hand out and he literally takes his hand
and puts it and squeezes my genitals and
he's like and he's still licking his
tongue out and all this stuff and I go
what are you doing what are you doing
and then he comes back again and he just
won't stop and I did I really got
forceful and pushed him back he bumps
into all the other partygoers the whole
day and he starts giggling and laughing
and let me change like I have never felt
more emasculated more objectified I was
horrified I went over to Adam right then
in there and I make up get your boy what
is the what what is his problem and so
you know so weird and so strange that I
put myself between hell and my wife
because I put this tongue thing I was
like I couldn't understand okay it's so
bizarre
I wake up every morning and wondering
that's really happen it's nuts and any
you said it your wife was there she saw
