a whole new area yeah all right let's
look all right let me eat or not today
in America you got three people only
more wealth than the bottom half of the
American Society you don't see that on
television too much of you know you
don't three people you got the top 1%
owning more wealth in the bottom ninety
two percent listen to this this is a
statistic we recently saw came from the
Federal Reserve over the last 30 years
the top 1% has seen a 21 trillion dollar
increase in their wealth the bottom half
of America are seen a nine hundred
billion dollar decline in net wealth so
what you have in America today is a
relatively small number of incredibly
wealthy people and I deal with these
guys every day peoples are always
talking about rich you don't know what
rich is what multi-billion dollar
operations are incredible power over our
society and if you are the
pharmaceutical industry and last year 10
companies made 69 billion dollars in
profit you're sitting around right now
saying all right that's great how do we
do better next year what strategy do we
have we have put a lot of ads on we're
gonna work with other during the CNN
debate that I participated in recently
in the debate right in the middle of the
debate the drug companies and the
insurance companies had an ad telling
how bad so-called how bad Medicare for
all would be so they they're smart guys
and they use their power over
politicians so they use their power over
the media they spend billions of dollars
on advertising on media to make sure
that they make as much as I can in
profit but it's not any different with
Wall Street it's not any different with
the fossil fuel industry or the prison
industrial complex
these guys have wealth they have power
and they could care less about the needs
of working people in this country and
that's the dynamic of American politics
right now and in our campaign look we're
taking them all on and I know it makes a
lot of people
uncomfortable but we are taking on all
of these entities and all of their
wealth and all of their power and that's
what a political revolution is about so
