given this is the candidates opportunity
to speak at length to the people of the
country what what are the misconceptions
of you because here's
here's the if you go to the knee-jerk
conservative reaction you talk to people
who are not interested in anyone that
wants to be a Democratic Socialist they
hear the name Bernie Sanders the
negative implications are that you are
somehow or another going to take their
money right did you that annoying to you
yes it is of course it is and also that
I missed the Maduro I'm a dictator I
love dictatorships and all that stuff
and the truth is Joe that if you look at
the issues that I campaign on and what I
believe on they are really not terribly
radical they exist in many countries all
over the world for example just we can
start on health care field like is the
idea that health care is a human right
not a privilege a radical idea I don't
think it is it's not and the truth is we
are the only major country on earth many
people don't know this we're the only
major country on earth not to guarantee
health care to all people as a human
right and yet we end up spending almost
twice as much per capita on health care
the function and you can argue with me
if you want but the function of the
current health care system is not to
provide quality care to all it is to
make tens of billions of dollars in
profit for the drug companies and the
insurance companies that's the function
if you go to Canada and I live 50 miles
away from the Canadian border you have
major heart surgery you're in the
hospital for a month do you know what
the bill is when you get out zero you
got it
you got any doctor you want you don't
have to take out your wallet and yet
they guarantee your health care to all
of their people and they spend one-half
of what we spend that's kind of what I
want to do and I don't think that that's
terribly radical we have a program now
which everybody knows it's called
Medicare was started by Lyndon Johnson
back in 1965 it is a popular program all
that I want to do over a four year
period is to expand the today
eligibility age is 65 want to take about
55 45 35 everybody over four-year period
that's about it and I want to expand
benefits to include a dental care
hearing aids and eyeglasses as well
that's about it not too radical well
