want to move forward in life they don't
want to continue well at the end of the
day if you really break it down it's all
based on passion it's all based on how
you feel I don't want to get involved
into anything unless I am you know
emotionally committed and connected to
the project I trust my gut I trust like
how I feel about something so you know
if you asked my business manager how I
do my investing he'll tell you that it's
like lopsided you know like I don't I
take bigger risks and with the bulk of
my money instead of like putting my
money in like very conservative places
you know like I'm like well I had like
never seen this much money before in my
life and I made it all myself
so the best part about it for me is I
can make the decision of where it goes
sometimes it might not be the wisest
decision but I made that money so I have
every right to do with it to you know
whatever way I would choose so that's
another thing about the the idea of
working for yourself and and actually
making your own money
you're not owing anyone anything about
you so that way so for me if I am going
to invest my money in my time into these
projects I have to be 100% certain that
I'm so emotionally engaged and a part of
the project that if it fails it's still
you know it doesn't matter to me because
I I feel
with the amount of time and investment
that I put into it
Dimock is a perfect example you know
