value and really cherish it so different
the living forever is absolutely the
insurance policy of like singularity's
an insurance policy so if it happens you
know like I'm ready you know of course
I'm ready to take that step and merge my
body with technology and become an
Android I'm absolutely ready to like
take out all the organs and then and
just have a have like a and taking all
the temperamental things that that will
kill you like your heart which is very
temperamental and and you know causes
problems and and you know so I can eat
things for taste and not have to worry
about those kameen that would be great
you know so yeah don't like you know I
would love that so or like you know as
if my skin is falling apart just
like upload my brain into another body
you know and then I'll have a fully you
know beautiful body to work but you
still have the steve aoki brain that
people know so yeah I'm excited for that
time that time when that happens but if
when it doesn't happen I've already
signed up to cryonics where I've can
preserve my body in a in like this in
this like the cylinder where it's like
it's basically you know a gravesite but
at least I'm frozen in a degree
temperature degree where they can if
they have the technology to bring me
back they can do that well I know that
