I can't help but look at Cambridge and
and right Facebook obviously did not
take control the platform in an
important way but Cambridge analytical
also utilized data in a way that us
users felt incredibly violated so as you
push yourself forward to be the the
person to help people own their data you
you don't see any irony and and that and
that you know you've got a little bit of
the Cambridge in a little good tarnished
on you with what's happened over the
last year's oh I'm still really
concerned that people find issues with
how Cambridge analytical used data but
they didn't find issues with how we use
it on the Obama campaign's I was in the
Obama campaign in oh seven oh eight and
no we weren't using data in the same way
that Cambridge analytic who was but the
2012 campaign definitely was nobody was
outraged about getting Barack Obama into
office for a second time using these
exact same methods but it wasn't those
exact same methods because people pulled
up filled out a personality quiz that it
scraped all their friends data that was
then given to Cambridge analytic Awards
in the Obama campaign there was an app
and they knew their data was being used
for political purposes so it was that
knowledge that's a very key difference
and also and once a choice and one
violated Facebook's policies right so
the the campaign's that the Democrats
have run in the amount of data that
they've collected and received is almost
the exact same way that Cambridge
analytical works so I suppose the
outrage is coming on either side only
when people disagree with the political
outcome I would only push back on that
because I think there are very specific
examples here of how data was used and
sure people are always gonna be upset if
their candidate doesn't when people are
upset in general over data but these are
very two different situations yes
slightly different only because there
are different years and different
technologies existed at the time I think
if you talk to people from the Obama
2012 campaign you could find a lot of
very questionable ways that they
collected data not only through Facebook
but by other means like what you've
worked on the campaign like what I
wasn't there in 2012 no okay so I only
have second hand information which I
don't usually like to take strong
stances on
