process is happening of opening up that
door it's it's explains a lot you know
it explains a lot about my behavior and
about my
you know the way I've conducted myself
in my life and and gone through life
like you know a speed bullet train just
looking for every opportunity being
rewarded for my bad behavior for talking
about you know drug and alcohol use on
camera and people loving it and you know
getting a book deal about writing about
my one-night stands like I was just
constantly rewarded for all of this
behavior that I thought was like oh yeah
that's so me and it's like no that's a
defense mechanism that's you because you
were a little girl like trapped in a
grown woman's body and had a lot to undo
so I feel you know there's a bit of an
identity crisis you know to have to drop
what you do professionally what you're
known for takes a is very hard
particularly when that gets a lot of
attention and praise yeah and you know
and I had to really think about what I
wanted to do moving forward which was
campaigned for candidates for the
midterms which we had a huge success
with and so many people devoted their
time and energy to so it's very proud to
be a part of that women in particular
women candidates in particular go we
have a hundred and twenty seven women
working in Congress this year and it's
just about kind of really just you know
I wrote it down because I brought it to
Dan I go I think I'm gonna have to write
a book about this because that's my
overshare and that's my cool with that
and so I gave it to him and you know he
had some Corrections of course but did
you play the wheel you guys need a
second round of that it's in my book but
yeah it was just an incredible
experience I was with the right person
at the right time and I took advantage
of it and I did the responsible thing
and I had just went every time you know
sometimes you don't want to go to
therapy sometimes you don't feel like
crying and I'm like not this again
you know especially in the mornings cuz
I go into work and look like I got in a
fight with a snow cone my face was just
red every day I'm like don't cry don't
cry and then finally like I'm just gonna
start crying right now because yeah but
I'm happier
I mean I'm calmer I don't talk as much
right you know it's just nice to listen
horror and not start talking because
someone else stops yeah yes that's huge
