so let's say there we go let's do a
little Long Beach course roll call and
okay if you remember your best score at
each of the courses and what maybe if
there's a nugget so start with Navy do
you remember your best score there and
anything you remember about that course
63 I remember I was too young because
the you had to be ten to play it and so
my mom would drop me off right at the
gate I would walk to the right or head
north into the you know the ditch or in
the whole back nine
I hop in the ditch I'd walk on the south
side of the ditch
I'd walk past the clubhouse so they
couldn't see on the south side gonna see
the north side of the ditch I'd walk out
past one past two I'd be under the
bridge at three waiting for my dad to
show up and we'd have a cart he would
show up and says he always called me Sam
so hey Sam you there yeah pop come on up
and that he I hop in the cart
you know I you know my dad was a former
sniper so I guess he taught me how to
count flowers myself and dig in you know
and yeah we'd go out there and play
until dark and then once it got dark we
keep playing until you lost the golf
ball so I always had to say I'm hit of
I'm down the right side hit a two yard
draw and if I didn't then I'd lose my
ball but I made it all the way to 18
holes one time we played an entire from
number five on in in pitch-black
darkness how about big wreck a big wreck
I probably played my best round when I
was in high school there I shot another
62 there I'm gonna shot 28 on the front
nine and really could have gone low on
the back nine but made a couple mistakes
all right Eldo although not as well I
weave again I played a Southern
California Match Play Championship there
I shot what I shoot I shot an 8 under
par and I won by 1 1 1 up against this
guy from up in the valley here all right
and last one r.i.p Cypress well which
one because it was Los Alamitos when I
was riding like that to tell her there
yeah that first weird you know dogleg
hard left first hole yes see what don't
remember it was los alamitos right and
exactly and when I played it los al I
used to love when they had the harness
racing going on and I play you know
about 15 16 right there around the
corner I could just love to hit the ball
up over the the racetrack just make sure
you just don't don't hook it because it
you might hit a horse but that's how I
remember those holes Tiger Woods is our
