do hang out just in a quieter way judge
judge is saying is this the most fun
you've ever had being a judge on the
Supreme Court is it everything you
imagined it to be no no yeah um I loved
my life as a district court in circuit
court judge mmm there I could be more me
mm-hmm
you could go dancing and take off your
shoes if you wanted and nobody took
pictures yes okay um and nobody cared
yes and um I loved my work then mm-hmm I
had a freedom that when you become a
justice you're deprived of really and
that's not to suggest I'm unhappy it's a
wonderful life and I'm doing things I
never imagined I'm very very grateful
but you asked me a particular question
is it the most fun you've ever had and
the answer truthfully is not really not
really the life I gave up was the most
fun I ever had
