why did your marriage fail obviously you
all separated and remain friends but why
essentially did it in do you think I
think when you marry young you run the
risk and the risk that we ran into that
you grow in different ways and in
different directions
I was completely consumed with work when
I started as a DA in Manhattan and I
really wasn't paying attention to him I
take full responsibility for that part
of the end but he also as he explained
to me at one time at the end of our
marriage actually after that he began to
fear not being as successful as I Wow
and he's a very generous man and he said
it to me in a very kind and loving way
but he said you know when we were in
high school and you were doing so well I
just kept thinking it's because she
works at it and when I decide to work
harder at it I'll be just as successful
and he said one day I woke up realizing
that no matter how hard I worked I might
not be as successful as you and that led
me to think does she really need me whoa
and it was a difficult issue for him to
discuss with me and a hard one for me to
hear hmm I loved him and I knew he loved
me but did I need him in the way that he
wanted me to need him he was probably
right that I didn't not in that way a
feeling that I couldn't live without him
