to green and I missed the ball in the
correct spots the the entire week you
putted it pretty great and I gave you a
hard time about putting that putter away
and then we joked a bit about it I mean
you've only won about a billion dollars
with that thing what the hell are you
doing putting that thing in a closet man
I know I know I know I know I get it I
get it yeah if maybe I've seen you to
punish it a little bit you know and it
realized that you know it could be sat
down but I felt very comfortable rolling
it this week and for some reason you
know that a lot of the putts I had early
in a week I kept having leaving myself I
was hitting the ball so well that I kept
believing myself uphill putts so I never
faced and well I these guys were facing
as fast as the greens were I was able to
be aggressive today was a complete
opposite I I felt like I didn't have
anything where I could take a run at it
I was putting defensively all all day
and that makes a big difference when the
greens are running you know 13 14 on and
they're Bermuda and they're grainy you
