greens are running you know 13 14 on and
they're Bermuda and they're grainy you
mentioned the emotions and you not
traded some texts after st. Louis at the
PGA the scene when you finished there
was amazing and I think it was topped by
18 on Sunday it was insane and you said
to Steve sans afterwards like it was
hard to keep it together what is it
meant to you Tiger to have so many
people who just desperately want to see
you do what you did which is win again
yeah I I am very appreciative of it all
because I don't know you know what the
what the time timeline is for me I don't
know how many more years I have of doing
this at this level and a year ago I
didn't know if I'd do this again so a
lot of emotions a lot of things have
been very fluid this entire year and
it's just amazing that the support I've
gotten I I probably wouldn't have
achieved the things I'm able to achieve
this year without the support of of all
the people and all the fans and they're
cheering in there because I've had bad
rounds I don't have bad days where I
didn't play well and they've been so
supportive and trying to pick me up and
trust me it helps and then you have days
like today when it was just you know off
the chain coming in and it's okay I
didn't see it because I wasn't out in
front of it but it was a sound I
certainly won't ever forget well wait
