emotions I'll tell you that right now it
was a day that was like so many of your
wins in the past you have a lead on
Saturday night it's fairly significant
you birdie the first and then you go
into grind mode you you've talked about
how much you've enjoyed that through the
years at what point Sunday Tiger did you
feel like I'm going to win once I made
that par at 17 it was still up in the
air I didn't you know I you know 15 16
and I have a two-shot lead I could
easily make bogey there at 17 but to
take on that pin and try to put a
plastic hole which I was able to do but
that was a Muffy lie that you know I
didn't you know I it came up better than
I then I thought it would and I was a
make par there having a two shot lead
playing live stole a par-5 where I
gained driving iron it is a big deal
than playing with a one-shot lead so
that this is the micro the macro just
pushing back to the win in this comeback
this year of coming back from where you
were to this point when did you believe
this year Tiger that a day like this
could be possible
well it happened or early for me you
know I had a chance to to win at Tampa
you know that was I missed the cut at LA
and I had a champ because I thought I
could I thought my body could handle a
couple more rounds get it ready for the
Masters and lo and behold I finished one
shot back of a playoff and finished
second so early a part of my process of
trying to come back and compete again
you know I I found that that you know I
could play at this elite level I could
do it again and you know lo and behold I
had the lead at the back nine of the
Open Championship I had a chance to you
know force it into a playoff and put a
lot of heat on Brooks at the PGA and so
I put myself there in a number of
occasions so far this year and I figured
he was just a matter of time just being
patient with it that he would come
around and this week I'm really doing
doing I really didn't do anything great
but I didn't do anything poorly either
you know I was very consistent from tee
to green and I missed the ball in the
correct spots the the entire week you
