you've already done more than most
people ever achieve in a lifetime okay
here's my challenge you won't answer my
question well here's my challenge to
myself like would it be insane to be
able to do one-nighters in this
kind of intimate show where there's no
real illusions but yet I can levitate
anywhere at any time
in any venue no magician in the history
of magic has ever been able to do that
but I want to be the first so that gets
me off like I was just I know for our
meeting about different possible ways
that were mocking up but that's what
challenges me I wanna like I wanna I
want to see things that that I want I
want to do things that I want to see
that no one has been able to do I want
to do that so like for me that gets me
off like I don't know I guess you know
what the problem is honestly and I tell
you this the truth
I'm never happy it's sad but that makes
me sad because you've achieved so much
and you've got so much and you make so
many people happy you feed so many
families literally and I want you to see
that joy and feel that joy I know that
but the more successful I am the greater
good I can do for kids with pediatric
cancer and that is one thing that makes
me happy and that's beautiful and Noble
