there's a point where it's good enough
will you ever be content that's what
worries me
no because you're never content are you
like if you think about it when I was
broke and I thought oh if I could just
make this much money then I could do
this you know this is glorious right you
know that people leave going oh my god
let's let's be honest okay and I'm gonna
I'm gonna tell you something I would
normally not say but because it's you
Alex or moving a friend I'm gonna tell
you something here's the truth the human
spirit is never content your human
spirit is never content because you push
yourself and push yourself I don't know
I just feel like you know when you
accomplish something you want more and
you want more and you become jaded but
you do know this is brilliant
and that's good enough even if you did
nothing else ever after the show tonight
you've already done more than most
people ever achieve in a lifetime okay
here's my challenge you won't answer my
