perseverance stick-to-itiveness there's
no substitute for it so the greatest
magic show on earth the Hollywood Walk
of Fame happiness with Johnny he's
getting better so you've made it you've
succeeded we can finally have that
conversation that now you can calm down
you've beat the Arts you've achieved
everything you need to achieve and now
everything's good yeah well now I'm
working on my I'm still working on my
one-man show this is a woman show no I
have a new show that I'm in a whole tree
premiere in January I'm gonna be touring
with it November December I'll be on the
East Coast with Mindfreak live touring
show on my two breaks January I have two
weeks off so I'll be touring with some
incredible we've talked about this
before a holiday is meant to be a
holiday it's not meant to be an
opportunity for you to do the same thing
somewhere else well I'm not I'm gonna be
doing a one-man show but I'm gonna have
Banacek performing in and I'll have
Stefon performing it but I'm doing this
crazy new show I'm really excited but I
haven't finalized the name or else I
would tell you because I would always
want to give you the exclusives first
but it's gonna hopefully in January I'll
be doing some dates where we're
finalizing other contracts right now and
then I'm also working on a very exciting
announcement that will happen with my
new television projects and I say
projects as a plural for next year and
I'm also working on some more touring
and I have a new venue that I'll be
announcing very soon because my contract
my ten years will be finished October of
2018 and although this has been an
incredible opportunity incredible run
I'm grateful to Cirque de Soleil and MGM
Luxor they've been fantastic but it's
time for me to move on and so I am very
excited to announce that next endeavor
which will be bigger better than
anything I've ever done you've been in a
10-year contract it's like being in
handcuffs in one way because you've got
to turn up and do the show five days a
week six days a week to show
a day are you gonna take it a bit more
easy and at least give yourself some
time you could still have a theater you
could still be here but you don't have
to do 10 shows a week are you still
gonna put that pressure on yourself
the truth of the matter is is I'm going
to be doing six shows a week and I you
know why I'm gonna do six shows a week
because the demand is there for me to do
more but I just feel that I want to have
a better balance and as you always
preach to me and Gary Oldman preaches to
me and everybody else that I know and
have a good relationship reaches me but
I I just I wanna I wanna I wanna really
like I do ten shows a week here and it's
awesome but I wanna like want like I
want to be I want to have the desire to
be onstage and I can't be right because
then I'll do a better performance
not that I phone it in but I want to be
able to really have a different hyung
outlook and a different hunger like I
don't know I I'm turning a new chapter
in my in my career I'm also getting
older and you know I want to explore
things I I directed and and and produced
a music video recently I have people
that are the biggest stars in the world
I saw clips of that video it must have
cost a fortune I mean you literally
hired the desert and then filled it with
a cast yeah and and then some with
Cirque de Soleil it was an incredible
endeavor unfortunately I don't know what
people will get to see it because of
licensing and all the stuff that that's
going on but it's it's one of the best
videos I ever shot and directed and now
there are people like in the industry
the biggest stars on the strip that has
seen that video that have said to me
Chris we want you to direct X and this
one and that one we wanted you to do a
tour with this one in Latin America
South America
as a matter of fact they want to bring
me back for 48 shows in Argentina
because we sold out we did four then we
added two and they wanted me back for 48
years so we have I have an offer from my
agent to do 10 months straight on a road
and you're talking about
a shitload of money but I don't know I
don't know what I'm gonna do I have so
many different wonderful opportunities
thanks to this show and to the success
of the show but we'll explore and see
what creatively motivates me because
money doesn't motivate me doing
something that challenges me like this
one man show challenges me like like to
be on stage and not have illusion what
could be more challenging than doing two
90-minute shows the greatest magic show
on earth with the biggest pyro the best
lights the best music the best sound the
best produces the biggest illusions
Chloe Crawford I mean what what could
challenge you more I worry you'll never
be happy because if you create the best
music video you want the even better
music video if you create the best magic
show you want an even better I mean
there's a point where it's good enough
will you ever be content that's what
