my favorite people Criss Angel how are
you I'm doing that doing good nice to
see you Alex here we are in between
shows on a Friday night in Vegas another
sold-out house what is it like to be you
in your mind when you're stood there and
you have that crowd on their feet and
they've had 90 minutes of the best time
of their week well it's an amazing
position to be in to give people the
opportunity to escape whatever reality
they're going through and to be able to
give them the opportunity to to to dream
and to realize that anything is possible
what seems impossible is very possible
and I think you know with Mindfreak live
and the great success that we have here
is because it's a very positive message
and you know it's about love this is not
a magic show this is a concert of of
emotion it's it's a roller coaster ride
it's a celebration of life you know it
goes way beyond a magic show and really
is something that people walk away with
a sense of being empowered and so that's
a beautiful thing and for me to do that
450 times a year is really a gift and
yeah sometimes you know I'm not gonna
lie it's hard you know and I don't feel
well or you have something like this
horrendous situation this tragedy to get
back on that stage and do it you know
when you can tell the audience because I
listen to the audience I don't you know
there's magicians in town that read
teleprompters and have their lines I
don't do that I am a man that feeds off
the energy of the audience because no
two audiences are the same you know no
