confrontational hmm know everything do
you feel challenged everything I say is
sort of semi confrontational and I don't
even mean it I don't know why people
like when people say oh you're such a
bitch or you're you know intimidating or
I'm scared of you like what are you
talking about I listen to you talk I get
it now
I prefer myself talk I understand when
you left Chelsea Lately one of the notes
that you went out on was that you were
happy to not have to worry about what
the Kardashians were doing from time to
time or know every headline and the
tabloids but I'm curious now do you
experience some of the same burn out
with this 24-hour news cycle every day
is Armageddon thing I hate it but there
is a steady diet of news I think it's
reading the news being informed so
you're not an idiot like I don't want to
be uninformed I want to know what's
going on but I don't want to be angry
all day right so and I know I have the
tools to do that I got up I meditate I
meditate on headspace I've never been
like I was like fuck meditation I'm so
sick of people talking about mindfulness
meditation cut to which was more of a
Viper's nest to navigate PC culture of
the 2000s versus you know this like
Twitter woke era okay the same thing or
is there distinguishable well I mean
right now we're in a PC phase too you
know everybody yes with me too and times
up like everyone wants to be an ally and
an advocate to or not everybody does but
I mean you know mostly people in
Hollywood are trying to do the right
thing and it's like you're it's tricky
you don't want to say the wrong I just
filmed a documentary for Netflix on
white privilege and you don't you know I
offended a million people are filming
that every day I was getting into
trouble by asking hard questions but
instead of looking at it as a hindrance
it's just I try to look at it as getting
a better understanding we're in a period
of over correction I think and hope
because we have to correct the behavior
right so it goes hard to eventually got
to get the car yeah I mean I'd like to
be able to hit on guys at work you know
what I mean so I'm hoping that we can
all figure this out soon
I like garlic a lot it's too bad oh
that's hot
mm-hmm it's not pleasant hot either it's
like it's offensive the garlic's not
saving it for you no no no it's like a
hurts mine roof of my mouth I'll finish
it though
do I have to finish it you win you know
you don't have to what are the rules
here I'd like some rules I like the
parameters yeah so I want it to be like
the most uncomfortable comfortable
interview ha ha that being said if you
like rules people seem to respect the
people who go hard on the wings you know
is that right thank you for the people
yeah it's burning yeah
in your book life will be sorry sorry I
trouble you again how do you like I'm
directing this I like it I like it take
the wheel take the wheel
take the wheel Chelsea mmm so in your
book life will be the death of me you
pull back the curtain on this year-long
self exploration first things first is
the cover photoshopped or your ciaochao
just that well-behaved that they can
just sit there for the photograph no my
dogs don't fuck around they sit there
and it's not photoshopped I mean I'm
sure it's photoshopped on my face and
stuff but not the dogs my dogs are a
little bit of assholes I have two Chows
and they're part child they're part
Rottweiler which I found out when I got
their 23andme done fuck I don't want a
Rottweiler they'll be with me if they
have to but they prefer my cleaning lady
Miguel and so when she leaves every day
at like 4:00 or 5:00 they sit at the
door and stare out the window and then
at 9 or 10 o'clock when I'm going
upstairs to my room I have to put them
both on a fucking leash bring them up to
my room like prisoners and put them in
there did you visit a shaman this year
no I did that a couple of years ago for
a special I did the ayahuasca which I
also wrote about because it was a it was
an awesome experience and I would
recommend it to anybody who can handle
like really hallucinate him what's that
like how is it different than mushrooms
mushrooms are more joyful like laughy in
my experience ayahuasca was more like
you see this fast-forward I pallid
shuffle of your life and you're not in
it like so I saw myself as a little girl
running on the beach with my sister
playing with our dog that I had
forgotten I'm we had his kid like every
memory is real and it's just somewhere
in your psyche and it just lets it out
and it just gives you this overwhelming
kind of you feel loved like it's not
like ecstasy where you want to fuck it's
like you feel Oh
overcome with your emotions for in my
instance it was my sister but a lot of
people feel it for their spouse or their
kid you know I don't have those so I
have to find love somewhere else
[Music]
okay
[Music]
what's this red oh yes is to discus to
specially there's too much this is the
bomb
Oh oh dear yeah yeah this is where
people come on salat yeah why do rappers
make the best talk show guests you know
why
[Music]
it's too spicy that's too spicy it's
wild if you look at our guest list it's
clear that we love hip-hop artists too
but I don't think it's unfair to say
that they are by far the latest guests
does that ever posed a logistical
challenge for you or your crew oh fuck
what do you take for this almond milk
[Music]
is it I can't I'm trying to think about
something else yeah I don't know what to
do
you okay Chelsea yeah I mean I got can I
have some Vaseline it for my lips do we
have any Vaseline in the building
uh but rappers are late yes and I yes I
once had who was at P Diddy mm-hmm he
was three hours late come on in
ah
[Music]
see you in the spice oh fuck uh-huh all
right I'm gonna take a break from the
blings I'm trying to ask you a questions
I'm flooring 50 cent obviously everyone
knows I dated him or maybe some people
don't
my mat would be great but 57 was so late
to my show when I had a mom that he sent
me some because I yelled I didn't want
to got there and I was like you're
that's fuckin irresponsible and blah
blah and he sent me flowers every day
and filled up my office with flowers
like hundreds of bouquets of flowers and
finally I was just like I got better
have sex with this guy because I mean
how am I gonna get him to stop
I mean I mean right PJD came to my show
and was so obnoxious in so late and I
went off on him on the show I waited I
didn't see him and I was like I'm gonna
approach this differently cuz I didn't
want to also have to sleep with me Diddy
you know so I waited I just yelled at
him on camera during the interview and
that felt very satisfying oh I don't
know if I can I don't know if I can eat
anymore
yes what happens now if I don't I just
can't handle it and I can't talk so
that's just maybe the goal here to get
me to shut the fuck up like this is like
if you want to get fucked up like this
is what the label should be if you want
to take an edible that's gonna knock you
down it should also look like to bomb
right you know that's where you can't
get mad at it don't eat me it's
basically what the label says what do
you want me to do take another bite I
mean as our communication is really
dwindling I feel here I'm still
connected are you so connected mm-hm I'm
connected to not continuing to eat these
wings but if you need me to I will I
really respect that
and I know that you're at this moment
yeah like well what is that a certain
point yeah I know like Beyonce was with
whatever when was she had a turning
point what was that movie or the song
turn turn turn
I think that was Bonnie Tyler but it's
like you're so close to the top of the
mountain
and then what happens at the mountain I
die at the top of the peak you know I
don't care I don't know there's no real
right and there's no II say oh you could
you'll accomplish something you know
flick liming like I don't know hype
because I don't give a shit you do that
sometimes
well I hike yeah no I don't think I hike
when did you how do you know what I'm up
to
because you know I do a lot I do a lot
of reading on you know I don't I'm not
into hiking in LA I don't think the
views are that pretty here yeah I'm in
in some great location I'll go hiking
and like South Africa they have this
thing called lions head right and I did
that hike you didn't do that yeah I got
to the top it was a mouthful picture oh
that's where like oh wow yeah really do
your research wow that's interesting
good for you you take your job seriously
oh thank you Chelsea well I mean you're
welcome alright I know
