once upon a time there was a young
basketball player who had dreams of
becoming one of the greatest basketball
players of all time
17 years old
hunger motivation and a desire to be the
best possible basketball player that
could be you worked day and night
everyday for years and years and years
and years as time went on 20 years had
passed he felt that he had accomplished
all that he set out to accomplish but
would he come to realize is that the
goal that he set out initially to
becoming the greatest of all time was a
very fickle one when he realized that
the most important thing in life is how
your career moves and touches those
around you
and how it carries forward to the next
generation
but he realize that's what makes true
greatness the story would be about
transformation of a kid looking inwardly
to then growing up and understanding the
importance and the power is looking
outward it's a great feeling to know
that your self goal for yourself you
were able to reach that goal find the
power to turn back time I wouldn't never
use it think about it because then every
moment that you go through means
absolutely nothing because you can
always go back and do it again so it
loses its flavor its loses its its
beauty when things are final and you
know moments won't ever come again to be
able to have the power to go back and
really experience those things is it's
silly to me
would you take that Jersey or the file
type very at peace with it and very
thankful you know for the for the 20
years that I've had and ready to go
[Music]
