shake that imaginary baby in your belly
I stopped by to ask you what would your
phone sound like if you sung it out loud
so that we all can hear don't just sing
in the shower sing so like it here what
would your dance look like if you did it
so that I could see what would your
rhythm look like because when you let
your rhythm out when you just get inside
your rhythm and when you are bold enough
to share your
with the world y'all just bounce like
this with me when you just share your
rhythm come on just like this when you
share your rhythm and all of a sudden
you become outrageous enough to show the
world that you are willing to move
inside of a imaginary sound it's only in
your belly all of a sudden you look out
and the rest of the world is moving with
you I just stopped by I just stopped by
to have you fill your movement or at
least feel the desire to fill your
movement as a matter of fact become
unapologetic and non-negotiable about
your movement as a matter of fact become
non that goes about the fact that the
world has to fill your movement as a
matter of fact be willing to lose some
sleep be willing to stay up late you
want to become unapologetic anomalous we
will piss some people off easy I just
stopped by to agitate that something to
you because I believe sometimes we try
to be too polite with our dream
sometimes we don't want to disrupt the
world while we're dreaming big sometimes
we're more committed to living in
someone else's perception of us than we
are living in our truth of ourselves
I'm just saying so I stopped by to
agitate that I don't know am I talking
anybody in this room I stopped by to ask
