shape what is the thing you do what is
your regimen I have never stopped
working out it's kind of weird two hours
pretty much a day
I mean hours a day I do I get up if I
know I gotta go to work at like 7:00
I'll get it before and do my thing I
have to have it though I have all this
energy you could tell can you tell yes
the energy is here I gotta burn it up
this is after the workout okay so before
you got an imagined and but I have five
different gym memberships everywhere
just so it's just in case I can get a
workout here I ones a 24 hour membership
the other one is we're on set I got one
for a nice gym I got one when I want to
get down and dirty you know it's like
you know style to my day is all just
workout or is this like whole lifestyle
like is it food is it supplements like
what are you what do you take in well
you know one thing I do this
intermittent fasting thing I only eat
from an eight-hour period from 2:00 p.m.
to 10:00 p.m. and then I'm done and it's
like a 16 hour fast at a long meal
though 2 to 10 oh no yeah right
I don't stop eating during that whole
period of time but the thing is it's
more than actually getting stuff out
your breakfast I don't do breakfast at
all and I workout fast it in kind of
wild but I'm 49 you drink coffee or
anything I drink the Dutch coffee and
tea and then I have like amino acid
drink that kind of thing to keep those
yeah you know the blood flowing but yeah
you know my thing is being 49 and you
know I grew up in a gym so all those
guys are like yeah you gotta eat 17
meals a day like ever and I realized
that you just get you keep getting
bigger and bigger and bigger and I
decided let me just you know reverse
this thing and it works for me I've been
doing it for five years it's amazing
how's it
now uh as your family's motivated as you
