like an HIV vaccine and a malaria
vaccine you know so in my lifetime I
hope the whole issue of these diseases
that are caught in poor countries mostly
infectious diseases we essentially solve
those problems and we're close on on
polio eradication when I look at
politics I have to admit they you know
there's some trends in terms of how what
trust people have or how they're
polarized I do worry about that that's
not you know a deep area I I don't bring
unlike the biology where I get to study
it and see it you know I'm on the same
footing as everybody and seeing these
political trends but yes there are
things that I I do worry about but
overall the human condition our ability
to feed prevent disease help people live
an enjoyable life we are making great
progress on those things so as long as
we stay committed to them you know that
it makes me love the work and and remain
optimistic all right well I hope
