themselves so what having still being in
the journey in the seeking phase for
yourself what advice do you give to
those who want to know who want this
inner journey how should we open
ourselves to that first thing that I
would say is that one of the things that
stopped me the first thing that stopped
me was permission the first thing that
stopped me was what right do I have I'm
not a religious scholar I'm going
against the way that I was raised I'm a
woman I don't have time what what right
do I have to do this yeah so like step
one I think was just the idea of this is
important this is important for me this
is important for my loved ones that I do
this so that I can be there more for
them because I can be there more for
myself
then the feeling of all the shoulds the
thing that's not me for a really long
time was that I came from this
all-or-nothing place I came from it's
our way or not at all
mm-hmm and the feeling that I had about
my Orthodox family was they got God so
that meant there was no God left over
for me you know that they were doing it
right they were doing it by the book so
that de facto meant that I was doing it
wrong
yeah and also their way of doing it
didn't resonate with you and it didn't
resonate resonate so that was in
conflict with what you really believe
was what I really believe yeah but but
but I put what I really believed kind of
on a shelf because it was too painful to
try to grapple with it it was too
painful to pull it off the shelf and
really say it at the time you didn't
even know what you really believe I
didn't know what I believed I didn't
know that it was I know I I just I
shelved the question I retired the
question and as far as I was concerned
that question could have stayed retired
and might have
until my son Jacob started asking those
questions okay or something else would
have yeah because I think that's a
question for all of our viewers too what
do you really believe do you really
believe it or are you just by rote
reciting what you've been told your
whole life fundamentally what do you
believe yeah that's the question that
you grapple with devotion
