about those areas and incredible
technical depth the next 15 years they
these devices are going to get so much
better and instead of thinking about it
as okay how this device I installed this
application on it you'll think of all
the devices working together to help you
and the information will through the
cloud just magically show up you know if
you're partly editing something you go
even pick up
someone else's device but authenticate
who you are that will be there with all
of the state your photos your calendar
them and those things so it's it'll be
far more multi device far more natural
interface speech is getting really very
good handwriting recognition is very
good the idea that it remembers where
you went so if you want to remember
something it'll know what you browsed
what you you looked at so it'll be this
personal agent that's very very powerful
Microsoft's even shown recently what
they call hololens which are glasses
that are annotating you know putting
information up even if it's you know not
really there on the wall or reminding
you who was coming and what sort of
background information you want might
want to have about them so the piece of
innovation I taste is fast today's it's
ever been in that space well that's what
I was wondering moving at about the same
speed are they moving even faster they
seem to move so fast in the last 15 to
20 years that pace isn't slowing down if
anything is it's not slowing down and
its impact on how we Bank how we
communicate how we entertain ourselves
we're just at the beginning of that and
you even see a little bit you know the
younger generation sort of latching on
to the stuff and iterating with it
I bent a lot of time you know trying out
the different applications just to stay
up to date okay what's the latest in
robotics what's latest in say medical
applications where you can consult with
a doctor what's the latest in the
diagnostic tools that can track what's
going on for the foundation
understanding all of that so as it gets
inexpensive we can think okay which of
these technologies can be used in poor
countries so helping healthcare workers
or making sure they show up or making
sure the supply chain gets all the
things there this stuff comes down in
price a lot faster than any
other products we've ever seen before
and so often you know even if it's a
rich world high-end consumer device in
year one by year six it might be
something that you'd want to get out to
farmers or health care workers in in the
developing world so that that innovation
power will help equity as well as the
the consumers were the the initial
targets did the Bill Gates working in
that garage where those friends have any
idea where this was leading well we
talked about a computer on every desk in
every home and you saw that we were
talking about you know mobile phones and
the magic of computing we talked about
robots and you know that still hasn't
happened and that'll be fascinating to
see you know where that comes in what
that does so it's in the direction that
we dreamed up but we're finally at the
point where it you know in a few areas
it's starting to outstrip what was even
imaginable in in my youth
