myself probably as I could I think you
know were you lonely yeah there's always
always have a thread of that in my life
feeling that below - huh sad lonely but
just like I like it
at home the vulnerability of a
classically beautiful mother pointing
out that her daughter's eyes were too
close together
her nose too big she was doing me a
favor she's helping me out by telling me
these things can't give me hints helpful
beauty tips right just saying it wasn't
about this is what your problem is it's
here this is how you can help that
that's probably why I wore so much
makeup I mean my mom like was you know
more makeup beautiful beautiful
exquisite woman she doesn't need it but
but she says she and her mother were
joined at the hip until the mid 90s by
now the awkward duckling had become a
superstar and was in a desperate fight
to have some privacy in her life free of
the prying ever-present paparazzi but
she says her mother first gave an
interview to a tabloid show and then
later in 1999 against her wishes wrote a
book about raising her now famous
daughter Aniston
it seemed like the kind of exploitation
even your friends avoid it would cause a
bitter eight-year rupture that lasts to
this day Aniston has refused to read her
mother's book and hadn't seen the photos
from it the ones I had in my lap I got
that out of the book she wrote oh Jesus
I never looked at it look at those
others Wow
I never saw this sorry seems she
gorgeous absolutely gorgeous you said my
mom is very warm loving nurturing wise
funny and old-fashioned and when it got
rough out there in terms of the career
she was the one who said keep going keep
going yeah she did
and she is all those things she made a
mistake and I just I don't think she
knew any better obviously but are you
surprised at yourself that you can't let
it go transforma what a Dean but I've
definitely tried I made the efforts and
I sort of started you know that stubborn
thing of well I try to bawl my I tried
enough now it's your turn you know and
so maybe that's where we are and like
I've said it's now we're sort of all
standing in our corners just waiting for
the other to approach probably what's
the sentence you most like to hear say
oh I'm sorry I get it
it's that simple look like I just you
know I really get it instead she has a
kind of family formed by a circle of
