the music business . and i like to kind
of show that side of it yeah what's your
mom like because she was she like a
showy mom is she a proud mama she does
she tell you off everything all of those
yeah yeah she comes to my kind of a show
business background she was a dancer
right um and you know she she i mean
once you get all of it now she was very
flamboyant um
and still loves to tell me off like the
worst thing she can say to me if i've
got my friends round and there's no
answer back to this is when she says
Simon stop showing off I hate that and
it's like I hate you for saying that
because I don't know what to say you
know and you just I hate having to ones
when I was 15 and I bought this go
around and Sunday lunch or whatever and
I was showing off and my mum said Simon
stop showing off that lunch and I
literally couldn't think of a reply and
I hated her so much it hit it stuck
would be real easy it's a really really
