records do you think you are like you
like I seem like you do feel a lot nicer
this this year not not not you are are
orrible but you were mean you a lot more
no next rubbish can't sing where's this
one I feel like you've been a bit more
explaining has that been like a
conscious thing to do
yeah I mean Mel in particular was much
harsher than yeah sure I mean Luce you
just said get off I mean wasn't even
pretending to think about it couldn't
maybe I got a bit more mellow
look there's no but I never thought in
it to be honest with you this point it's
necessary to be nasty for the sake of
being nasty I think in the early stages
when we made these shows I mean people
weren't used to anyone saying to someone
you're not very good because just people
used to go on there and just lie you
know pretend they loved everybody's like
what what's the point when someone who's
17 comes on and they can't sing a note
in tune I would take a cup of singing
lessons and you get a recording contract
I mean it you're lying and I have to say
to them it's time for a different career
guys I feel like it's tough when they
when they've been on and they've like
that people in their lives must have
been like you're really good at singing
Simon you should definitely go on and
they're like my mum thinks I'm good and
then they got any offered mum's always
do dick mine doesn't she doesn't no way
okay we'll use real talk she's not you
okay
you've got a rare mum's real realtor
most of them are always the parents you
know they come in a lot you know what
are you thinking my childhood genius and
it's like well then you're tone deaf
yeah your child can't sing and that's
what I'm trying I'm trying to help your
help your son or daughter so you know I
