yeah yeah and what does that feel like
um it's good yeah because you know I've
never been very good at relationships to
be honest with you no I didn't know that
I'm terrible I've no friends with all my
exes so that's worked well that's good
yeah I've never fallen out with with a
girlfriend but I never thought I would
be with one person now you think you
will yeah yeah I never thought you were
the marrying kind
well my worry is is not so much what I
want to do is what they want to do
because I never genuinely believed
anybody would want to marry me because
I'm quite difficult to live with tell me
why because I am selfish quite weird and
I need time on my own to think and then
I work all night long oh I mean
seriously yeah so you cannot have a
high-maintenance kind of woman
well they're all a bit high-maintenance
but no but really seriously you've got
that you've must have somebody who's
independent enough to have their own
life or to be comfortable with
themselves so that when you're in one of
your moods yeah or whatever
well III yes and I think what can happen
is is that your work can become like a
girlfriend mmm
because I think it's very difficult for
anyone because for instance tonight I
will start viewing tapes at say 10
o'clock at night I'll then from half
past 12:00 1:00 in the morning start
phone in London mm-hmm and I'll have
these conversations for maybe three four
and a half hours so I'll finish at half
past four in the morning but that entire
time that six hour period my mind is
completely on what I have to do and that
happens five or six nights a week and I
think that's difficult for someone to
deal with yeah I would drive me mad by
the way yeah you couldn't be your own
girlfriend oh my god no she's not good
actually
oh no I couldn't I know I couldn't
because what I think you couldn't deal
with you if you were a partner with you
never never never would be tolerated and
