well you say you don't right I always
wondered about that I mean so you
literally come in the studio and then
formulate sentences in your head yeah
and then spit it to that beat yeah never
write down the lyrics I've never done it
from reasonable doubt until now I wrote
the second verse I can I live in
reasonable doubt that's the last first I
remember right and so stuff just comes
to your head spontaneously absolutely
like a gift you know I'm saying like mmm
I remember when you came to our land you
did the wake up show with me in King
Jack and somehow I tricked you into
kicking a freestyle and as in the
basement off is off that song I think
the firm used it on the album like after
today the track yeah they use the track
okay no remember that John yeah and
almost like we were sending it thinking
did he we like had a conversation after
the show was that off the top of the
head yeah but I want to say like it's
more so it ain't just spontaneous and
I'm just saying you know look at the
speaker two speakers weaker and then
turning around and you can dude you
can't handle you know say it's really
organized oh it's not like just like
that I think about what i'ma say okay no
I'm saying I think about what I'm gonna
do but it's just never pen to paper okay
you know I'm saying like I think it I
think it true
