yeah Tony it's always like what is this
and I'm like it's a garlic press usually
so the pantry was kits forte and quickly
we started to realize that she had
knowledge that I didn't have and vice
versa and what a team that would make so
the marriage of your desire for things
to be functional and easy and
streamlined and my desire to make things
feel that way and also look really
attractive just became the perfect
marriage and I'd already decided to
marry her so it was great that's great
Wow and then we also created little
terms for ourselves you're the micro
organizer and I'm the macro organizer
and I think honestly the two of those
together is what I think makes us and
our organizing system so successful
that's right it's sort of the practical
meets the perfect right it works out
perfectly I've learned a lot along the
way vice versa
oh thanks troops happy marriage happy
wife happy life
