kind of a change and I wasn't quite sure
what that looked like and Kath you I
used to be an event planner I did not do
weddings I was not a wedding planner
okay I did big fundraisers political
events and I decided to take off time
when I had kids and so I was a
stay-at-home mom for a brief time and
then we met yes we both were looking for
something professionally at this time we
realized we worked well together and
that we wanted to transition into
something once all of our kids were in
preschool the first start up we didn't
have a business name but we would go
around to consignment stores in Los
Angeles and collect all the really good
stuff and then send it to second-hand
stores and they would pay us you were
treasure collectors as treasure hunters
thank God for kit and her ability for
numbers because for me it was like oh
this is fun and we're getting a check in
the mail and for kit it was like I'm
gonna calculate how many hours we're
spending each week doing this and
actually like track our time and then
take that number against the check that
we're making which we're dividing by two
and see how much we're making per hour
and that was so sad it was smack in this
I'm just gonna say I was below minimum
wage below so then it was sort of a
