specific genre but it might not be a
comment on that genre Brian Robertson
who I assume is a Trekkie from
Summerville South Carolina asks how did
it feel to be chosen through geek glory
as Scotty in the news I feel you gonna
say asks who the hell do you think you
are
it was an honor it was an honor and I
received a text from an email from
jj-just saying would you like to play
Scotty as I've said before and I was
quite shocked I was not surprised at the
reaction I had a very you know there
were there were certain corners that
were very positive and certain corners
that were very apprehensive and I
completely get that I understand you
know it's a precious thing and you don't
want it in the hands of someone who
doesn't appreciate it or be might seek
to undermine it I think Star Trek is a
you know is a beloved story and and and
it's being treated as such on this
project it's you know it's being done
very seriously there's no there's not a
it's not a pastiche there's no attempt
to kind of wink at the camera and you
know we all know that the sixth of Star
Trek was made for very little money and
those sets were quite sort of you know
primitive in some respects that's not
funny you know that's just the way it
was there's no point it's an easy target
to go commenting on the the way that
things were made back in the sixties
it's it's more interesting to actually
take that as a serious you know a
serious expression of something and and
continue it which is what JJ is doing
with this this Star Trek movie what I
didn't want to do was go in and do was
was to go in and do an impersonation of
James Doohan because I think that would
be disrespectful to James Doohan and to
the part I think the most important
thing for me was to go in to look at the
part and say okay you know he's this and
that and I should play him as if I'd
picked up this first of all and but also
always keep in mind that this
is a role that belongs to a you know a
very capable solid wonderful actor you
know who created one of the most iconic
science fiction characters of all time
you know mark keener has the honor of
