important thing is enjoying it yourself
really is there any resentment or have
you heard any resentment from British
fans about jumping across the pond it's
like when you know a band becomes
suddenly everyone likes a band that you
liked at the very beginning sometimes
there's an element of that I've
experienced that you know that you're
accused of being a sellout because you
go and do something like they expect you
to just languish and obscurity forever
just for them just to please them you
know it's like you know that I think
that's unreasonable you know you've got
a you you have to pursue what makes you
happy and you also have to pay your
mortgage and you have to kind of you
know to be called a sellout is just it's
cynical I think I fortunately haven't
come in concept of that much at all as I
say out kind of you know I like to call
them friends but for one of a better
word fans are are very sort of
supportive and and get it this next
