[Music]
Mary is a true patriot first I'm
obsessed with America I think it's the
coolest country in the planet but I wear
it everywhere I go I'm single and I'm
starting to think I'm scaring the boys
away do you think it's too much yeah
I'm patriotic too I mean I pledge
allegiance to the flag how old are you
male 19 you know you're 19 do your youth
while you can you know go and be young
put your skirts on however you want to
leave them and stuff like that it's nice
to be patriotic but I don't know a 19
year old boy it wants a date Betsy wrong
[Laughter]
okay all right thanks a lot Mary Tiffany
says her man is clumsy hi Tiffany hey
Steve I'm having trouble with my
boyfriend he seems to break things
they're irreplaceable
like when we were moving he broke a DVD
at my grandfather's funeral and just
last week he flew his RC helicopter into
flowers I had preserved for my other
grandfather's funeral how kind he should
be more careful with my stuff might not
be your boyfriend you know sometimes
when God gets us through things he wants
us to move on so maybe it's a just you
know this air Steve is going to
this is slowly turning to don't ask
Steve nothing else well hell since we're
crashing and burning let's go Susanne is
here she wants some parenting advice
from me
come on Susanne just fix it from me
permanently just I'm ready I'm already I
see well I have a ten-year-old daughter
and she's at that tween age where we
have to start talking about things like
bras and she's really embarrassed about
how open I am but I do want her to
embrace the changes in her body so do
you think I should throw a cute bra
party where she can invite her friends
and they can enjoy the experience
together
[Applause]
I'm dying up here I don't know what you
do for a 10 year old girl I can't
discuss your 10 year old daughter's bra
is going on here I got a lady dressed
like Betsy Ross this other lady got a
DVD of my granddaddy's and now she wanna
throw a bra party for a 10 year old girl
I don't know what the hell to do for
little girls I got full of girls with
something happened to him I referred
them today mama don't come in here tell
my daddy I'm cramping oh we going to the
hospital
daddy my hormones again we're going to
the hospital take your baby to the
hospital it's all to hell I got let's go
to Christian this is the worst one I've
ever had let's go Christian needs my
help proving something to people listen
I'll just go finish me off Christian
what else don't Steve no today hey Steve
the vice president of an all-black
gospel choir excuse me
[Applause]
what did you say you were correctly I'm
currently the vice president of an all
black gospel choir
I love the choir and I love singing with
them it makes me feel really powerful
and complete but I have a really hard
time getting people to believe that I'm
a part of this choir especially I don't
believe you either so now that we got
