not admitting guilt you letting me know
you're aware the court date did you have
something you wanted to say mr. Jones
yeah I do do a good thing recording it's
always recording did you have something
you wanted to say mister yeah absolutely
you and I both know that you
that I was not drag read no sir I
actually know that you were drag racing
I watched you do it okay let me talk
right okay I'll have that register Jones
we're not having court out here - I've
never have a court date and you can have
that right so you do have that right to
talk you can tell in my record let me
talk go ahead tell me what you're gonna
tell no don't tell me what I know you're
gonna testify to what I know yeah fuck
yeah but it's a testified to what you
know I know that you were driving icing
and I will Tendo I do that then I was
not drag racing actually I did I know
that is not speed you and I both know
that African Rev my engine at the red
light and I never took off racing at all
nor was the car next to me ever took
operation I just simply revelation took
off at a high rate of speed so though I
did although you kept going no oh yeah
did not okay all right absolute fucking
lie where we can talk about it in the
court I need you to sign inside this box
once again you're not admitting guilt
you letting me know you're aware the
court date you are inside the box sir
wait what am I waiting for call my
lawyer
