please turn your car off
why are you drag racing that Cadillac
huh I didn't serve riders license
registration and insurance blues I did
not drag race for Cadillac I watched you
do it right there bro it you did not sir
any reason no you did not I did not drag
race of Cadillac okay any reason sir any
reason for watch for the way you're
driving well you took off there a
Broadway I'm rider in not after your
engine trip I didn't say drag why drag
race that's right we and I did not okay
so you just felt it necessary to take
off at a high rate of speed I did not I
did not break the speed limit at all and
nothing I don't say you broke and I did
not take off at a high speed limit there
on Central I I don't know but I know I
was gonna have you know that you didn't
break it because I was going to speeding
okay
I was you were pulling away from me you
don't I'm so upset right now why don't
you just hand me your drivers like Oh
got your stretcher and ensure absolute
we're going to get the registration
insurance out of there for me Jonathan
absolutely you're an interlock in this
vehicle can I see it please
thank you I cannot wait for you to truth
that I was drag racing because I know
for a fact that I wasn't so nice try
how long have you had the car sir okay
well you should have no other
registration this is what you get from
the dealership and I just got I just got
that where's your other registration
this is the dealership registration that
came with your temp tag okay find your
registration for me is that why is your
car so loud man you're just harassing me
man
I'm just asking you a simple question
Jarvan law because it's a sports car
okay
sit tight I'll be with you in a minute
cut the attitude
