or the outside in is it because you're
reacting to something I see a lot of
depressed people that in a sense it
makes sense right
I mean you look at their life and you
say well if you're not down about this
you should be
I mean you've lost your job you've
gotten a divorce
your health is in the shitter you're I
mean you should be down about this it's
external things so you don't need a pill
I mean put somebody in a chemical
straightjacket because their life's
falling apart what the hell is that
gonna do yeah but that's just putting
goggles on them where they can't see it
I would much rather get them to behave
their way to success and say what are
you reacting to that you're depressed
about let's put that on a to-do list and
start like you said write it down and
start crossing those things off let's
figure what's an action plan to change
this action plan to change the next
thing actually and then when you start
doing that then you generally see their
mood lifts a lot of people that are
depressed or just realistically reacting
to a crummy circumstance in their life
it's not necessarily a mental illness
it's just a realistic reaction to a bad
spot in their life
yeah that's such a way good way of
putting it to that is you weren't in a
bad state looking at this it might be
something wrong with you yeah you're in
denial yeah I mean if if you've gotten a
divorce lost your job your health in bad
shape
your kids are alienated from you and
you're saying I'm fine then you're not
in touch with reality right you should
be bothered by that and and I think to
give somebody a pill to mask your
feelings about that just keeps you off
task I don't your pains a good motivator
you know I grew up in like Texas and
Oklahoma and I don't know you've ever
done this but we were I used to spend my
summers in the thriving metropolis of
Mundi Texas you ever heard of Monday
Texas now it's mu in its a you not an O
em you nday
it's got like 2,000 people in it but in
the summers it would get hot in Mundi
Texas no when I say hot I mean you look
out in the backyard and your dog burst
into flames that's what I'm talking
about so we would be going to the
swimming pool or something barefooted
and you get halfway across an asphalt
road and you look down and you're I mean
like holy shit mean your feet are just
on fire so what are you gonna do I mean
that is painful you're gonna do one of
two things you're either going to make a
u-turn and get your ass back over to the
side of the road and get in the grass or
you're gonna run to the other side and
get off the road and get in the grass
but you're not going to stand there in
the middle of the road and melt yourself
down to the knees pain is a motivator
pain is not necessarily always bad if
you're in pain it's gonna motivate you
to move to change something and to match
that with drugs to dull that pain with
drugs it's not necessarily a good thing
that is wise wise advice and I wish more
