and you can enjoy other people being
good at things as well yeah you know I
said earlier my dad was an alcoholic and
I would compare myself to that kid
across because I had a damaged personal
truth but I found a currency because at
that time in my life I was a pretty
decent athlete for this small school I
was going to so that was my currency
yeah so now it didn't matter what was
happening at home because I got strokes
for being able to jump high and run fast
at school so that became my currency so
now when I compared myself to him okay
maybe my home life wasn't as good as his
but I could run faster and jump higher
so that became my currency so now I ok
that leveled the playing field for me
yeah and you all would like you said
find what you're good at at a given time
and do what you're good at
yeah find something you love find
something you're passionate about and
that you could also excel at and if you
can work it out where it's your vocation
and your avocation you love doing it and
you get paid for it then you're just
double blessed yeah you got it right
because you enjoy doing this and it
works out and that's good yeah you catch
lucky breaks yeah if you but that's boy
that's lucky yeah it is and if I just
think if you're in your life and there's
you don't have something that you're
passionate about I mean and I don't mean
that in a cliche way if there's not
something where you wake up every day
and there's nothing in your life that
you're excited to do man you need to go
back to the drawing board yeah because
if all you're doing is just grinding it
out you get up every day go to a job you
don't like do tasks you don't care to do
and come home to a home you don't want
to come home to and wait to get them do
it again the next day you're burning
daylight what the hell
existence is that yeah I just
I don't understand that that find
something now I don't care if it's
gardening or music or art or athletics
or something find something you're
excited to do yeah expose yourself to
different things with that very purpose
of finding something that you love
there's something out there yeah there's
something out there I guarantee you
something yeah there's something healthy
it's not illegal it's not gonna be high
risk there's something you can do that's
not gonna kill you or put you in jail
that you can be excited about yeah and I
think it's one of the most important
things to do when you're a parent is to
try to expose your kid to as many
different things as possible
to find those things for them yeah and I
got two boys as you know and you know
one of them really well and I did that
growing up because my dad never took me
hunting a single day in his life he
never took me fishing a single day in
his life he never took me camping a
single day in his life he never took me
to the lake he never took me skiing and
boating anything so iris ought to all of
those things you know I had no clue what
I was doing but I took him turkey huntin
duck hunting deer hunting skiing snow
skiing camping I did it all and to see
what they liked let them pick ya and boy
when you don't know what you're doing as
a dad that's a bitch yeah I mean just
little things like you you go camping
and you don't realize that sitting your
tin up on the side of a hill even if
it's like eight or ten degrees is a bad
idea yes Lee you've got to get on flat
ground it looks flat to me but I spent
the night trying not to roll down a damn
hill it doesn't look like it was on a
slant but it was but you figure these
things out as you go along but I was
glad I gave him those experiences so
they could choose and they did and
they'll end this summer that they like
some of it they didn't well I don't know
