that's going the same way it was always
going yeah and the important thing to
realize as well is the next year is
going to go by whether you're doing
something about your life or not I mean
we're sitting here right now at the end
of February and the next 10 months are
gonna go by whether somebody is working
to make change or whether they're not
and they may think you know oh my god
I'm so far overweight I'll never get it
under control or I'm so behind in my
bills or I'm so you know just depressed
or my everything is so out of control
well you know what you make those
incremental changes and then you know
pretty soon in December you go hey I'm
way better off and I was at the end of
February
so you made little changes and they all
added up and if you don't by the end of
the year you're just getting deeper so
every little bit matters yeah I tell
people to write things down I said one
of the best ways to get things done is
to write things down write down what
you're trying to get done write down
what you need to get done on a long-term
basis and what you need to get done on a
short-term basis and write off a
checklist force yourself be accountable
yeah the difference between a dream and
a goal is a timeline and accountability
yeah
accountability is gigantic you got to
have somebody whether it's yourself or a
friend or somebody that's gonna say look
did you do what you said you were gonna
do by this time and if you don't hold
your feet to the fire because I mean
just sitting around dreaming some day
someday I'm gonna get a different job
someday I'm gonna change this well
someday in a day of the week
you know there's Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday are you saying
look on your counter some days not on
there so you got to say okay I'm gonna
take this small step buy here this small
step by there this small step by there
and then pretty soon you know we don't
leap tall buildings in a single bound we
take it a floor at a time that man
