parents or maybe a good support system
around them you know I think that's
that's true and yeah I grew up with a
alcoholic father and it was a pretty
violent home and and he was a really bad
alcohol
and I know having grown up in that you
wind up with what I call a damaged
personal truth and you feel second-class
and the problem that kids make and
because I know I did it and and I and I
see others do it is you compare your
personal truth what you know about
yourself you know how you really live
and what's really going on you compare
your personal truth to everybody else's
social mask because you go to school and
you know well I know that last night the
windows got kicked out of my house I
know that the utilities got turned off
and I know there was a big fight in my
kitchen last night and the kids sitting
next to me he's got on a shirt that's
all ironed and his face is all bright
and clean and you know he looks like
he's just got it all together and you
compare yourself to that person that kid
and you feel like you're second-class
and the problem with that is we generate
the results in life we think we deserve
so if you think you're damaged do you
think you're second class you will
generate results that you think a second
class person deserves hmm so if you
don't fix your personal truth then
you'll spend the rest of your life
saying well you know those really good
results those belong for somebody else
that's not for me that's for somebody
else and you'll settle for second best
and you won't get what you might
otherwise generate for yourself if you
don't fix your personal truth and so I
think a lot of people are struggling
looking for a way to kind of get out of
feeling not good about themselves and
damage self-esteem damage self-worth and
they really don't know where to go so
and that's why I do the show I don't
look I'm not under the misapprehension
that we're doing eight minute cures if
they're mean come on yeah we're not
doing that but I think if you can point
people in the right direction if you can
raise their awareness you can get them
thinking about it you
and create a narrative where they at
least say you know how do I feel about
myself I mean is there stuff I need to
resolve I mean what am I saying to
myself if you can get them thinking
about that then you know maybe you've
done something yeah you know Tony
