went missing dump dump town
okay now people talk at 125 words a
minute they think at 12 to 14 hundred
words a minute now if it takes you five
five seconds to tell me no you took the
money who because if you were nervous
right now
if you didn't take it you know you
didn't take it you don't need to run
scenarios through your head to think who
could have seen me you know I was I
didn't see anybody know what he could
have seen me what do you know but if you
didn't do it it doesn't take you one
millisecond to say absolutely not have
you ever been wrong before where you see
someone on television you go I think
that guy's guilty and they're innocent
or vice versa
oh sure because if if you really want to
know for sure if somebody is guilty or
innocent you need to invest a lot of
time you need to get a baseline on what
they normally look like talk like feel
like and then bait and in knowing that
baseline you didn't need to compare how
they're behaving on TV so just walking
by the screen and seeing it you might
see things that would ordinarily belie
behavior so it could just be part of
their personality so if you're going to
really make a judgement you got to put a
lot of time in and figure it out and
what you should do before you decide
you're gonna be a human lie detector is
do your homework and you know try to
figure it out objectively before you
figure it out behaviorally
I mean you ought to do your
investigation find out if somebody took
the money and you know find out where
they were and you know look for
fingerprints and do this and do that I
mean you ought to really objectively
figure it out before you rely on these
things and so unless you get a baseline
and get one-on-one with them and spend a
lot of time then you can't be you you
can't be really certain that you know
whether they're telling the truth or
whether
it would be fun if it was that easy and
