wants the ball when the clocks running
in yeah but I have this theory that
situations do not make heroes situations
expose heroes hmm and I saw that in
Katrina the hurricane that so devastated
that that one neighborhood what Ward was
it the ninth war and I forget which Ward
it was that got so wiped out when
Katrina hit New Orleans and there was a
guy down there that had been really
quiet nobody had ever heard anything out
of him he was an older guy lived in a
house stayed to himself and that night
when the water was at rooftop level I
mean he swam rooftop to rooftop and save
six seven eight people got him out of
there
and he didn't make it out but he got
seven or eight people out of there and
you go back and you check his history
and he was a military hero he just set
quietly in his home and when the
situation came about it revealed who he
was you know I think that's what happens
I think if you've got a hero they just
sit there sit there sit there until a
situation reveals who they are I don't
think it makes them a hero I think it
reveals that they're heroes and I think
that's what happens to people they they
are who they are until they get and then
the opportunity to comes along and
they're going to show you who that is
they may show you they're a coward or
they may show you that they've got the
focus to hang or they may show you that
they're a hero but life circumstances
are going to come
we're gonna show you who somebody is
yeah I completely agree and I think
what's also interesting is when someone
does get revealed to be a coward they
can become a hero it's very hard it's
very hard to get past the memory of you
being a coward well and I'll tell you
why I think that's true if you want to
know please I mean maybe you don't going
off on a tangent come on no I think I
think we learn about ourselves and you
know everybody talks about self-esteem
and self-worth but nobody ever talks
about what it really is or how we get it
and I think I think about it in terms of
self attribution because you know how
you form opinions of other people like
if you look at this guy
and you you maybe you work with this guy
and so you watch him across a couple of
years and maybe this guy shows up to
work every day and he's there fifteen
minutes early and he unlocks the place
gets everything ready puts the coffee on
has his desk ready he's all buttoned up
and man when the bell rings he's ready
to go and you just learned that this
guy's buttoned up ready to go dependable
never misses he's always there so you
attribute certain traits and
characteristics to him based on your
observations of him and your experience
of him based on that you assign certain
traits and characteristics to him but I
say that's exactly the same way we form
our own self-image and our own level of
self-worth we watch ourselves go through
life and we watch how we handle certain
circumstances and situations and that's
why I say overindulgence is one of the
most insidious forms of child abuse
known to parenting it's not the worst
it's just insidious because if you
overindulge your children and do
everything for them you never let them
observe themselves master their
environment you never let them step back
and say wow I did that hmm I built this
I overcame that
handled this I did that and so we that's
the same way we make our own self-image
and level of self-worth we watch
ourselves overcome the third grade we
watch ourselves stand up to a bully we
watch ourselves handle a test with the
information that intimidated us or we
watch ourselves make it on to the little
league baseball team and actually get a
hit when we needed to or we watch
ourselves get on to the debate team and
actually argue something successfully
whether it's academic or athletic or
musical we watch ourselves do it and so
we go back and say hey I did that I
attribute to myself the ability I can
hang I can do this I can rise to the
occasion or we watch ourselves fold like
a pup tent in a windstorm and say you
know I can't hang out I don't have it
and we make those attributions to
ourselves and so we shrink from the
challenge for the rest of our lives
until like you said it's hard to
overcome that and something pushes you
up until you finally observe yourself
overcome something and I think that's
how we form our level of self-esteem and
our identity about who we are and I
