yourself committed to those 10 minutes
so the third tip is really something
that I do I am working on my family
members truly guys are you listening to
me
the third tip is leave a room better
than you found it so before you leave a
room I just do a quick scan and I look
for any items I'm thinking like the
Terminator you know like huge zoning in
on things that do not belong in that
room just leave the room better than you
found it okay first rule don't put it
down put it away
so do put your keys in a little spot
each time you're coming home
don't drop everything right when you
walk in the door and have no idea where
you put it all do put things away right
after you've used them talking about you
hair brush don't use it and then set it
down on the counter and think that
somehow it's magically gonna get itself
back there rule number two
ten minutes Heidi just do it set the
timer for 10 minutes pick up a laundry
basket do your 10 minute tidy whether
that be just one room or your entire
apartment
either way commit yourself to that 10
minutes don't do the 10 minute tidy and
leave everything sitting in that laundry
basket or just shove things into random
cabinets that's not gonna help you rule
number 3
a room better than you found it so that
means do pick things up that don't
belong when you're moving from room to
room don't leave a room worse than you
