hi friends we're back with another video
today and we've got three tips to help
you stay organized even for the messiest
people if you are liking what you're
seeing here like subscribe and send us
any comments of videos that you'd like
to see coming up so I am naturally an
organized person that doesn't mean that
I live in like a perfect state all the
time and I have for other members of my
family who are not organized people they
did not get that gene and so these are
actually tips and tricks that I use with
my own family to create harmony and
organization within our own home so
these are tips that even I'm using on a
day-to-day basis and let's get into the
first one so rule number one don't put
it down put it away this is the basic
principle foundation of organizing
everything that you own should have a
place that you can put it away when you
are done using it for example when
you're walking in the door coming home
from a long day at work don't just throw
your keys wherever you feel like it have
a designated spot whether that be a
basket on an entryway table a hook right
by the front door whatever it looks like
in your house just make sure that there
is one consistent place that you put
those keys if you're listening to me and
saying look lady I don't even have a
home for anything that means you need to
create a system and we will be coming up
with a video in the near future about
how to create those systems but
temporarily just get yourself a spot
even it's just a little piece of tape on
a table that this is your spot where
you're putting some things just start
there so that's rule one and if you're
always doing rule one like Joni is then
you probably won't need these other two
tips but normal people like myself and
my family need these extra tips to help
us stay on track and so tip number two
rule number two is the 10 minute tidy
that means setting the timer for 10
minutes and choosing a room start small
don't like think you're gonna tackle
your whole house pick one space 10
minutes sets a timer grab a laundry
basket or something else that you can
collect things in and pick everything up
it doesn't belong in that room if you
can within that ten minutes put it back
where it belongs
if you can't at least you've collected
it and you've cleaned and tidied that
one room I'm willing to bet once you get
going for ten minutes you'll probably
want to keep going that's generally what
happens but if you absolutely hate it
you know that you only have to do it for
those ten minutes now the 10 minute tidy
does not mean clean everything up and
just collect it into a basket where it
sits there for eternity or shoving
things into places where you can't see
them that's not actually the ten minute
tidy so don't do that because that's
just gonna make it worse for yourself
down the road so if even doing this for
10 minutes sounds like the worst thing
in the world to you entertain yourself
while you're doing it turn on a podcast
listen to some music find a partner to
do it with just find some way to get
yourself committed to those 10 minutes
so the third tip is really something
