a part of who I am now so yeah East
Coast bisko's why do your reviews seem
so biased um
because they are that's kind of inherent
to being a reviewer and doing reviews
it's funny though I do see that comment
a lot like this seems biased it seems
like you like this and don't like this
as much but that's kind of the point
that's why I'm a reviewer I'm not just a
spec sheet if you want
something completely unbiased you just
have to look at the list of the specs of
what hardware is in the device if I'm
doing a phone review but the whole point
of me talking about what I like and
don't like in a phone is so you get my
unique perspective and even if you don't
share my perspective even if you're not
biased in the same way that I am then
you can at least calibrate yourself to
watch my videos with that in mind so if
I like something for one reason and you
don't like it for that same reason then
the next time I like something for that
same reason you'll know that that's not
something you also like it's just kind
of works that way so my reviews and
pretty much every opinion I have is a
bias because I'm human
hopefully that helps would you ever
