impact how can we change more lives I
think one of my gifts in this world is
communication and taking sometimes
complex ideas and breaking them down
into simple fun communication nuggets
and different ways of teaching people
things that don't feel overwhelming yeah
and I want to use that gift as much as
possible so creating more products and
learning programs that can really help
people move the needle ahead in their
own life but more important for me we
really get on fire about our
philanthropy component I know you and I
are both really passionate about pencils
of promise we've got five schools with
them right now huge thank you amazing we
want to do more we just have this big
partnership with an organization called
samus source and it helps lift women out
of poverty by teaching them the skills
that they need and professional skills
to go get dignified work we're doing a
partnership with Save the Children USA
because there's all this research that
says if you want to take care of poverty
one of the most research backed
effective ways to do that is through
early childhood education and if you can
get moms and get the kids right from
birth up until five the results are
dramatic in terms of the fact that
they'll stay in school and
just the trickle up effects of how
positive that can be so we're looking at
all of the different ways that we can
use not only our financial resources but
our community resources to drive
awareness and action to making the world
a better place you know there's
something that I learned from Nick
Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn authors of
half the sky and a path appears and I
read this little phrase in their book
and it really hit home for me that
talent is universal but opportunity is
not and so how do we make opportunity
universal well that's what we're working
on here that's the game plan I mean with
providing education to kids and save the
children the early childhood early steps
initiative here in the States we've
funded scholarships I'm constantly
looking at ways to help people have that
opportunity to create a better life for
themselves because I started realizing
you know especially in the personal
development world I was finding myself
getting really really upset and really
pissed off but what about people
throwing around phrases like you know if
you can just think your way into it and
you can you know create this wealth and
blah blah blah and quite honestly there
are some phrases that earlier on in my
career that I said and I believed and it
wasn't until I really started to
investigate the state of our planet
and the state of humanity and how many
people are living on less than a dollar
25 a day it's not about these people not
having the right consciousness yeah
it's think all they want and there is so
much talent that is underutilized
because so many of our fellow human
beings they don't even have the basic
necessities no clean water no access to
health care no nutrition no safety and I
mean you and I both know the stats about
women and how in so many parts of the
world they're treated not even like
human beings like things that woke me up
and got me so fired up to say well what
can I do to help change this and to
really start unpacking all the different
opportunities that we have
and I consider you know people like you
and I many perhaps not all the people
listening to this podcast today we've
won what Warren Buffett calls the
ovarian Lottery sheer chance right that
you and I were born in this country and
I know many of us have had rough
childhoods we may not have had the
easiest roads however compared to some
of the folks who are sharing the planet
with us at this very day in time who
have nothing no access to clean water no
access to no rights no rights it's like
that for me
that whole idea that talent is universal
but opportunity is not that's why when I
started to kind of see things floating
around in the personal development or
transformational world that are about
well they just need to like you don't
know what you're talking about
we have other hurdles there's huge other
hurdles and I think that in order for us
to truly live the fullness of our
potential it can't just be about us and
it can't just be about how big is our
business gonna get or how many people in
our audience or any of that stuff
it can't be there's no real meaning in
that things that mean the most to us and
the things that mean the most to me in
terms of vision and where we're going is
how can I continue to create more and
more impact how can I continue to get
people on board with these ideas and
these opportunities to make a difference
in a real substantial way why are you so
