gratification but I think that it sets
us up to be unhappy mm-hm and so for me
I often wrestled with okay well how do i
reconcile the fact that I have big
dreams I'm not where I want to be yet
yet I don't want to be miserable until I
get there because I'm smart enough to
know that when I get there my dreams are
actually gonna get bigger so I'm just
setting myself up for a life of misery
yeah thanks goodness I discovered this
whole kind of Filth philosophy of
living in the moment and it was really a
set of practices and I learned how to
get out of my head and really live in
the here and now and not by sitting on
some mountaintop or oming all day but to
really engage in the present moment like
this moment is it this is it and I call
it in the book I wrote making business
your business like whatever is happening
in this moment I am gonna just approach
it and attack it like I'm meant to be
here this is my party no matter what's
going on if I'm bartending and I'm
working seven days a week if I'm
scrubbing somebody's floor which I did I
mean I was a personal assistant I
cleaned people's toilets I did whatever
I needed to do because I didn't want to
be a desperate life coach because I
thought that's like the most horrible
thing in the world meeting paying
clients I said let me make money
bartending and cleaning people's toilets
are doing whatever I have to do so that
when I'm coaching people I can coach
them out of my skill set and my desire
to make a difference not out of needing
their money so this idea of making
isness your business trains you to love
this moment but you're also super pumped
about where you're going yeah so it's
not like you lose sight of your dreams
it's not like you lose your ambition but
you strike this really interesting
balance of being fully here and now and
fully excited about where you're going
and I think that saved me yeah I think
it's kind of like being in a dance of
like living in the now but also aspiring
for the future of what you really want
which can be yeah in a year or ten years
or whatever maybe right yeah and I just
did an interview with the guy named
Donald Shultz who said something that
goes like there are only two days a year
you can't work and it's yesterday and
tomorrow and I thought I was interesting
when he said that I was like yeah you've
really got to be present obviously can
dream about tomorrow and dream about
your vision and what you want to create
and plan for the future yep you've got
to be present in today's journey yes and
appreciate what you do have now what you
don't have right absolutely and anywhere
you find yourself it is up to you
whether or not you're gonna be miserable
there or you're gonna make it awesome
you know and I remember so many times
going into another bartending shift and
of course if I let my mind run wild my
mind would say what are you still doing
here if you were smarter you would have
you know a full business by now when is
this ever gonna happen and I really
train myself to go whatever
I'm here right now how can I make the
best drink possible I haven't had so
much fun with all the people that I'm
working with how can I give these people
a great experience so that at the end of
my shift I'm not exhausted from being
miserable for six hours yeah and I can
actually go home yeah a little bit tired
but not feeling like I'm wrong in my
