got all these things how can I start to
turn this around and then I go to one of
my other favorites which is everything
is figure out a ball on the wall over
here yeah I do because it's it's you
know when you're in a tough spot what
matters is your beliefs in your
psychology and what you're gonna do in
that moment yeah no matter what the
circumstances are and for me that
gratitude piece is first because it
starts to shift everything and then
going to everything is figure out a ball
which is my belief helps me get into
problem-solving mode and go okay
whatever the situation is what do I need
to do what actions do I need to take do
I need to pick up a phone do I need to
go out and exercise don't need to put on
some music do I need to just sit and cry
like what do I need to do to move myself
ahead in a positive powerful way what's
