centered and ready for the day that's
what I do and then in terms of
productivity though the night before I
always make my list for the next day
really oh my goodness because my
schedule is such that there's so much
variety so there could be interviews
there could be phone calls it could be
travel there could be shoots and if I
don't get myself set up the night before
I don't feel like I can dive right into
the day with strength and clarity so I
look at all the things that are
happening if there's any outside
appointments and all of my tasks like
the important things that need to get
done those are listed first and then the
time is blocked out and then the rest of
the day can be awesome so we just say
setting an intention the night before is
really powerful and setting yourself up
to win that day yeah and for me it's not
so much of an intention because I think
my DNA is such that I want to just
murder it like you do I mean like I'm
gonna happen it's gonna happen and I'm
gonna have a good time but for me it's
actual clarity of like what are the most
important things that need to get done
and what are the things that would be
great but if for whatever reason life
shows up or things have to get moved
around they can move on yeah I think I
saw a video are you talking about
important and urgent and to actually
focus on doing the important things
first always always first and then get
to the urgent things later because the
urgent things will always know
get done right because if they're really
that urgent you will fight are them you
will but you know in our digital age of
so much information coming at us
constantly in the way that most of us
have habituated ourselves to have our
phones ding to have little alerts come
up to have everything come in that we
trained ourselves to like you know hit
the refresh button on our email like a
little crack addict instagramming oh my
it's like it's insane but we've done
this to ourselves and we have to
systematically undo it if we want to
actually move the ball ahead on major
projects how do we start on doing these
things these habits that aren't serving
us or that aren't really moving us
forward to achieving our visions you
know I think awareness is the first step
to any major change and so you just
gotta get real with yourself about your
crappy habits you know what I mean and
be honest about yeah I just spent 2 to 3
hours getting sucked into Facebook and
comparing myself of everyone else and
looking at oh my god they're doing so
much better than I am and what about
this and yeah I think being honest with
yourself an awareness of what you're
doing that's not working so that you can
replace it with a habit that does and I
mean that simple practice if anyone just
at the end of their workday sat down and
took a look at okay what's the most
important things I need to get done
tomorrow and actually time blocked it
like okay that blob even like writing
that blog post is probably gonna take me
30 to 45 minutes okay that's on there
having a meeting with the team that's at
least another 30 minutes writing this
brand-new whatever that's an hour all of
a sudden you'll see your morning is like
pretty spoken for yeah you should not be
going to email you should not be taking
phone calls and you shouldn't do
anything else but those important things
mmm yeah I am a big fan of coaches young
