astonishing that we've been able to do
this in just two years so thank you but
what I really wanted to talk about today
is time because as humans time is a
concept that we are bombarded with in
every moment of waking life we live on a
basis of 60 minutes out of 24 hours and
those 24 hours creating 365 days and
however many cycles of 365 day
timeframes we can last is how long we
live and while time is a useful
structure and concept to aid science and
daily life if we so choose to use it is
time actually a real thing at all or not
now the dictionary defines time as a non
spatial continuum so it is the process
of events occurring in in space which
make it part of what we know in science
or we like to envision our universe as a
space time continuum meaning space and
time are intertwined they are one in the
same and therefore that is how we exist
in this universe at all without time
space would be in perceivable and
without space time would be inoperable
so on a scientific basis anything we
think of see watch anything in life the
entirety of existence itself in this
scientific term needs time to exist in
fact it requires time to exist at the
same time this application of science in
accordance with time is reference based
in essence space needs time as a
reference to even be considered space
and if we bring that idea of space down
to a material realm such as us and our
physical material human body that we are
living within we see that to our mind
the way our brain works the reason we
understand the concept of time is
because we are a reference based species
we have
memory we can recall things we can use
things that have occurred in the past
and that helps us dictate not only the
now but our conception of what would be
a future as well this is a very
impressive evolutionary tactic we have
picked up and developed over millions of
years of evolution to help us really
conceptualize what it means to be
existing however true reality is not
reference based nature at its core
outside the human mind and psyche
outside the phenomenon of memory and the
conception of past and present holds no
basis in these references it simply is
it just exists in all moments this is
because life on the grandest scale from
humans to tadpoles to galaxies is not
just a sequence of events which time
would have us believe it is in fact it's
quite the opposite everything simply is
right now right here in this exact
moment and nothing else
because in true reality the past and the
future are non existing concepts they
are just that they are ideas they are
