I've heard and you've also told H
magazine but you don't use email or
computer mmm my first question to you is
is one why and two even today with all
the kinds of communication move how easy
one if I had email I would be inundated
I choose not to have email or ever turn
a computer on now all my companies are
state-of-the-art technologically
advanced if I want something printed out
its printed out for me but I do this out
of choice I'd rather make a phone call
to you or write you a letter and
communicate the way you deserve to be
communicated with and no disrespect to
people on email and I'd be so inundated
my gosh I'd be on that computer all day
long I prefer to have that personal
touch and it seems to work with all the
companies I have that I'm quite active
in but I have great presence running
most of them thank God a very bless our
right to take care of the details but
I'm still hands on in many many of the
businesses here and it's I can work
better that way and it goes down to this
pay attention to the vital few ignore
the trivia many if I had email no
disrespect there be a lot of trivia on
there I be answering I try and pay
attention to the vital for you and
ignore the trivial what do you
