yeah to to have a look they have a drink
I like the guy we're gonna buy him a
drink because he will keep it between us
but he definitely helped me he doesn't
even know but he did house yeah I was
night sessions New York crowd gets into
it so a couple of guys they were had a
couple of drinks more than I guess they
were supposed to but it was all good
nothing is safe to say that he during
the practice session that defense it's
something about arrival well if you have
the video you'll you'll hear I guess but
I'm not as I said I'm not I'm not gonna
talk about it I just I think he did me a
favor even maybe he didn't want it to do
me a favor but he did me a favor
big favor okay one more you weren't
distressed or yes last I'm just
wondering in order to be able to get out
there today and play did you have some
sort of pain killing injection or other
well as I said you know I really I would
appreciate if you respect me not talking
about it in details I mean I understand
you guys want to know I I made a
decision not to get into details not to
speak about it please understand me and
you know I'm very glad with the way it
went I am able to play and that for me
is a huge blessing today because I you
know it was probably the complete
opposite two days ago and I did not
practice yesterday that's true and
and I did a lot of things in the last
few days to be able to play
