it's become acceptable yes which is an
amazing thing for us yes
well what gets an entrepreneur stuck
yeah one thing the major stuck point of
every entrepreneur that has failed in
business is the taking of a rejection or
a hard bump personally personally and
internalizing and like what did I do oh
my gosh I should have blah blah blah
other that that this self-talk in the
head that starts spinning you down most
people think it's about the competition
on the outside I have not witnessed that
everybody's got competition on the
outside what defeats people in business
absolutely is a self-talk that's going
on in the brain and I know because I
suffered from that for the first five or
six years in business because what
people do is when they're insecure when
they take a hard hit they go back to
their worst self and the worst self I
always went back to was me in school not
being able to read and kids making fun
of me and so there I was in business
with a big bully like a Donald Trump or
somebody else bullying on me and I'd sit
there go oh my god why am I here I
shouldn't have come oh my god I I don't
know oh wait I shouldn't do what was I
doing that for I was still that little
kid in the classroom losing confidence
until I got this new tape in my head
that goes very different oh yeah
well a few I'll show you your buddy boy
you just move the hell for me and like
you might tape
kicks in but I have found that with all
my entrepreneurs it's a self talk that
destroys not the competition on the
outside if you can get over your own
self talk you really could slave just
about every dragon because it gets you a
piss and man gets you back up and gets
you fighting and gets you to the door
that's it
