was her favorite because of the Father
Son into play but watching the Crystal
Skull with her which is you know a
contentious film because I think all the
oh the older Indiana Jones fans were a
little bit like mm-hm
I enjoyed it more watching it with her
because she got it on a farm simpler
level and it was much more entertaining
to watch it with her because I was never
baggage yes no you know I haven't shown
any of the Star Wars prequels because if
she liked those we'd fall out
she would like them you know she knows
he exists because I gave our dog a toy
of him once and we watched it chew him
to pieces to be a fly on the wall while
she's laughing hysterically no daughter
of mine
but no you know what if she watched them
and enjoyed them that's perfectly fine
and I as again I I had all the baggage
you know and now I look back on that now
and how outspoken I was about my disdain
for that and I feel a little embarrassed
by you know cuz it's just a film you
know I know these things mean something
to all of us in some respects but
ultimately ready player one the
