I was a bouncer at making $50 a night
and I was applying to be a janitor
because I would have benefits right when
I was waiting to get a callback
someone wrote me on Twitter and he said
hey my cousin owns an MMA gym or
something in themselves you know let me
see if John would be interested I took
the idea and I ran with it and overnight
I taught myself that I could be great
change myself forever
I'm forever grateful and I'm never going
back did you have low self-confidence I
didn't have a lot of self-confidence but
I needed to have extraordinary
confidence to do what I was getting
ready to be doing
it was February of 2011 you had just
beat Ryan Bader and you were about to
fight for the belt who was that guy nine
years ago and what's the difference
between that guy and this guy now at 32
I've learned a lot constantly growing
evolving I feel great
many more championships since then I'm
still here when you got the Dominic
Reyes fight was that initially a bit of
a letdown was that not the super fight
that you were looking for no it wasn't a
letdown I mean diamond gray is is he's a
hell of an opponent you know he's
undefeated extremely athletic he
believes in himself he's knocked out
almost everyone he's gone against and in
order to be the best ever you got to
take on all comers you know what the
first question is going to be when you
fight Dominic and all goes well on
February 8th for you it's in Houston the
first question is gonna be heavy weight
right I feel like I really want to fight
a steep amedeo Chooch I feel like I
could be him
you don't want like a tune-up just go
straight for the belt I don't think I
would need a tune-up I'm pretty tuned up
I feel like I could totally beat him
just based on his performances with DC
our speed difference is my fight IQ our
versatility my faith and confidence I
think I'm the guy to beat him for sure
and I want to I want to strike wall
while I'm feeling hot there's that
famous photo from 2011 Toronto with all
the champions up there you know the one
right where they had the the press
conference it was you and Anderson at
GSP and you're the only one it's 19
years we're still here me and it's
amazing like if nothing crazy happened
in your life just to be champion for
nine years is absurd it really is God's
grace it really is man he has sustained
me through so much through the death of
my mother through through I mean facing
a four year suspension through just my
dumb mistakes deep down your heart did
you think it would turn out like this or
are you even surprised by how good of a
fighter you've become deep down inside I
did feel that I would be in the
situation
and I'm excited to see me ten years from
now thanks for watching ESPN on YouTube
