it's a one morning I woke up and there
were two or three new articles out and I
started reading the comments and they
were devastating they weren't about my
work they were about me
they were super personal and they were
the things that creative people play in
their mind and then give up doing what
they really want to do like if I asked
every single one of you you would try
what would you try if you knew people
would never say this about you what
would that what would this be
it would those were the comments that
morning
of course she embraces imperfection what
choice does she have look what look at
how she looks I feel sorry for her kids
less research more Botox just mean
personal attacks the things that we
up until that moment had inspired me to
stay very small in my life in my career
just so I could avoid those things so
that morning Stephen the kids leave I
stay home I get on the couch and I watch
eight hours of Downton Abbey and when
it's over I don't want to turn off
Downton Abbey because I then because the
minute you turn off Downton Abbey then
it's like soccer practice and dinner and
back to the mean people and maybe even
 I get Botox and maybe you know
maybe if I stand still when I talk so I
get my laptop and I do a search for who
was president in the United States
during the Downton Abbey era have you
ever done that like you you're numbing
with TV or movie and so when it's over
you just like stay in that space by like
learning more about the actors and
what's going on I've been doing this
long enough to know this is like you're
laughing with me
so I put it in and Theodore Roosevelt
comes up and a quote comes up and I read
it and this is what it says it's a quote
from a speech that he gave in the early
nineteen hundred's of this were born and
a lot of people called them in the arena
speech and this is the passage that
changed changes my life it's not the
critic who counts it's not the man who
points out how the strong man stumbles
or where the doer of Deeds could have
done it better the credit belongs to the
person who's actually in the arena whose
face is marred with blood and sweat and
dust who at the best in the end knows
the triumph of high achievement and who
at worst if he fails he fails daring
greatly
so the moment that I read that I closed
my laptop and this is what shifted in me
three huge things first I spent the last
12 years studying vulnerability and that
quote was everything I know about
vulnerability it is not about winning
it's not about losing it's about showing
up and being seen the second thing this
is who I want to be I want to create I
want to make things that didn't exist
before I touch them I want to show up
and be seen in my work and in my life
and if you're going to show up and be
seen
there is only one guarantee and that is
you will get your ass kicked
that is the guarantee that's the only
certainty you have if you're gonna go in
the arena and spend any time in there
whatsoever especially if you've
committed to creating in your life you
will get your ass kicked so you have to
decide at that moment I think for all of
us if courage is a value that we hold
this is a consequence you can't avoid it
the third thing which really set me free
and I think Steve my husband would argue
has made me somewhat dangerous it's kind
of a new philosophy about criticism
which is this if you're not in the arena
also getting your ass kicked I'm not
interested in your feedback
