I snap myself out of it and I say nobody
cares stop complaining move on Nicole
poll asks besides love of what you do
what keeps you motivated fear I don't
want to be a failure
I feel that a lot of people worked
really hard to give me this opportunity
in life my dad had a horrific life and
endured incredible pain that I will
never you know knock on wood have to go
through in order to give me this
opportunity if I don't make something of
myself if I don't make something of my
life I'm letting them down it's fear
that honestly every day I wake up and I
think am i a little bit better than I
was yesterday and I'm always afraid to
look over my shoulder because I know the
pack is catching up you know the bigger
you are the bigger the bullseye on your
back so you just you got to go really
fast
