soon-to-be former champion bones going
to be interesting fight I mean Jojo is
gone but you got up and listen up and
I'm gonna tell you what's gonna happen
in this next week when I get to the
soprano state when I step off that plane
in New Jersey there's a new family in
town the son and family and I'm the new
dawn I'm taking over that state the
first thing I'm gonna do is go to the
speaks that sit-downs the social clubs
and I'm going to be handing out smacks
to anybody that doesn't want to kiss the
ring and my first order of business is
to beat the bejesus out of John Jones
and when I'm done I'm going to go over
to Johnny C's place on Union Street in
Brooklyn have a couple of machetes and
give the guys of the other five families
an opportunity to pay me tribute and
John Jones you will be reminded the hard
way of why you never piss off a gangster
