the way you talk and you seem to keep it
very normal normal for your marriage and
for your kids how do you divide up the
work in the home does Bill have to do
any dishes laundry so first of all I
love that you're bringing this topic up
I talk about unpaid labor in my book
because it's what holds women back from
doing some of the productive things they
also want to do in society and yes women
in our homes we spend seven years over
our lifetime doing unpaid work that our
husbands don't do with that trick so
whether that's you know laundry or
whether that's meaningful things we want
to do caring for children and the trick
is I think is to have the real
conversation in your home about how do
you divvy up the tasks and what do you
assume and so in our household we had a
conversation I realized that we were all
doing the dishes together after dinner
all five of us in our family but somehow
I was still in the kitchen 15 minutes
later than Betty I wasn't very nice
about it put my hands on my hips one
night I said nobody leaves the kitchen
till I leave the kitchen and guess what
everybody picked up really quickly what
they need to do we're all upstairs five
minutes later so we have to name what
