amount of spontaneity to the original
joke as well um yeah I think like for me
improvising comedy as always it's it's a
it's like a game for me to just to try
to top the joke or try to you know
heighten it in a weirder way or um or
and and really like I think is just a
fun tool for actors to keep things
spontaneous and to keep surprising
people or try to make people laugh or or
whatever your character in this movie I
feel like is is different than a lot of
the characters that you've played before
she's super she's much more I would say
high energy and
and kind of cunning whereas I mean in
dirty grandpa you had a little bit of
that this is even more heightened than
than that was that something that sort
of interested you doing something a bit
different for for for you in terms of
your performance style yeah I mean yes I
every you know thing I always try to do
different things and and I just
generally like to play characters that
have a lot going on
so when I read scripts it's rare to read
scripts with really dynamic female
characters that have you know funny
stuff going on and and so I'm really
attracted to those kind of parts so
whether it be someone that's super
mellow and sarcastic and weird or some
of those high-energy and a psychopath
it's all fun for me if there's something
fun to do besides like be a standard
love interest is your character a
psychopath in this movie in this movie I
think no I don't think I don't think so
I think she's maybe a little bit of a
sociopath or something but not a total
psychopath
I think she's rough around the edges but
I think she has a heart of gold
how Colin Terra is it for you as an
