I mean we've worked a lot we worked
really hard when did you first realize
in your life that you could be funny or
other people thought that you were funny
um I don't know I don't know I have no
idea may be honest it delights me when
you get kind of annoyed at a question
okay no I'm not annoying but I'm like I
mean what a kind of question is that
what the I was three years old and um I
liked shown down here the laughs here's
my like fake answer is um when the first
like big musical I guy I mean it sorry
but the first like what you want I'm
gonna give you to you the first like
musical that I was ever in like in
Community Theatre when I was twelve
thirteen was Cinderella and I really
wanted to play Cinderella I had like my
heart set on it and I was like I want to
be the lead of this thing and then they
cast me as the ugly stepsister and I was
kind of devastated and then but then you
know like opening night when I went on
and I did my big ugly stepsister number
really just brought the house down and I
got a lot of laughs and then I do true
like sincerely remember that moment
being like Oh being like the funny
supporting character is actually like
kind of awesome because everyone's like
laughing and loving it and like maybe
that's actually more fun than being you
know the beautiful princess how old were
you 13 I think ish do you not have a set
age because that was a fake story no I
just don't remember what happened like
yesterday so I'm very bad at math now
