of a person as I'm wearing all black
then I portray online a lot of people
think about I'm this crazy fun outgoing
and yo guy which I am online but every
comedian has like a terrible story
what's your terrible story Oh God it all
started at birth no I think you know I
had a rough childhood and you know I was
morbidly obese as a teenager and I dealt
with a lot of depression and and you
know I definitely had to use comedy to
kind of make myself laugh make my family
laugh when we were going through hard
times how do you get yourself out of a
dark state I think the way I get out of
depression really is just to be creative
people barely even knew I existed oh I'm
so sorry I didn't see you there oh it's
okay don't worry about it anytime I'm
starting to feel down I make a video I
write a script or I I come up with a
concept for a show I want a pitch all
right I just do something creative and
it reminds me that you know I can just
bring myself out of it do you remember
that epiphany moment when you were
younger when you discovered that yeah
the first memory I have of kind of a bad
childhood moment I remember right
afterward going over to my friends house
putting on all her mom's clothes and
basically doing a drag show at 7 which
you know is it normal but uh but it made
everybody laugh and it made me laugh and
that was definitely my first memory of
that did people at that point we're like
while they were laughing they're like
what's the deal with this kid
this was before transgendered was a
thing this was pre Bruce I think
nowadays would be a little different I
think they would have changed my name to
Shawna and I would have been an ugly
woman let's be honest you beautiful eyes
that's what people say to ugly people
and you're funny I know so yeah that was
definitely you know a lot of people were
like wow telling my mom well your son is
crazies putting on all these weird shows
for the neighborhood and he's making all
these weird videos but little did they
know it would lead me to doing it online
which was even weirder at the time what
did your mom think or like your family
and and your well your dad was he in
your life at this point
my dad left when I was about nine they
got divorced and my mom was a working
single working mom so she was always
gone so it's pretty much just me and my
brother and that's it so there was a lot
of weird you know chaos a lot of
wrestling a lot of eating and that's
when I kind of picked up a camera and
started making videos when I was like 10
in the book you talk about losing weight
and when you talked about this I mean I
knew about your weight loss how did that
all happen my cap and gown didn't fit
because I was you know 400 pounds so we
had it so two together and that was the
moment where I was like you know what I
don't want to do this forever and I want
to be an actor and I want to be a
director and I don't want to die
before I'm 30 so I literally the next
day just started running every night and
started eating chicken and vegetables
and things I had never eaten before I
stopped eating peanut butter out of a
jar which was already I stopped I've
done it
so good and yeah I lost like 150 pounds
in like six months or something but yeah
you talk about you know obviously not
being as accepted in school like but you
found comedy so were you a bit of a
class clown no what do people think of
you or like how did you perceive people
so I didn't talk until I was like 13 14
you didn't talk you were me you talk
little things I'd go you know and that
meant hungry or that meant hungry that's
about it so I can't believe you didn't
speak at all you know I didn't have a
rough childhood and and I did have a
pretty rough upbringing as far as my
parents and what they were going through
and there was a lot of drinking a lot of
fights and stuff and I definitely just
clammed up and I was afraid to speak my
mind and you know a lot of kids who grew
up in that households they get fat they
get quiet and sometimes they get into
self-harm or they get into all these
releases really sad things so really
happy that I found comedy because if I
didn't I don't know why I would be a lot
of times in this day and age with
Instagram and all these vloggers it's
like it's this perception they put on
this image of their life this ideal life
hey I'm on vacation hey I'm at this
restaurant but they don't show the
moments in between that might not be so
I know I show everything I show all the
weird sad things I've tried to be
completely real with the audience
because that's what I wanted to watch
when I was their age when I was a
teenager I didn't want some fake version
of what life was one of the real stuff
because you remember yourself is that
that's like you always kind of identify
with how you were when you're younger oh
I have complete body dysmorphia and this
isn't a joke when I look in the mirror I
see a 400-pound person you do try a
little sad clown
I saw my I think the one moment that I
