it was the land of opportunity but in
the reality of a daily it was a grind it
was brutally difficult we had no money
so it was it was really tough my first
memory of back then they didn't have
English classes so they just threw me
into a classroom and that was it
like I didn't speak the language and a
teacher asked me a question that was
petrified I hated the fact that was
different
I hated the fact that kids picked on me
and bullied me and made fun of me
because back home I was just one of the
kids here I was different the world
fundamentally changed for me when I was
12 years old I came home one day and my
mom was home and she was crying I'm like
what's wrong and she said oh I I bought
this thing and I look over and it's this
industrial sized vacuum cleaner we lived
in this tiny apartment
I should bought this big vacuum cleaner
I look at the agreement and it was
almost more money than we're paying for
rent like some salesman that come along
and basically conned her into buying
this vacuum cleaner so my dad comes home
I have to ever work two shifts in a
factory and he looks at it looks at how
much money it is oh we couldn't afford
it and I said don't worry about it
you know signed under duress we won't
have to pay and he says no be signed
contact we pay
and it was brutal like it was so hard on
us to do that for that stupid vacuum
cleaner there is nothing worse than
feeling like a victim it's one thing to
feel like a victim for yourself it's
another thing to have your family feel
like a victim and so you have that I had
this awakening of wow my parents give up
everything for me up until then it was
all about me why don't I have any
friends why am i so unhappy why do kids
pick on me and in that moment I just
grew up in that instant and I remember
thinking I never won able to take
advantage of my family ever again from
that point on I I really got focused on
how things were in business and putting
all that stuff together
