think that there's like more concerns in
society like III personally think that
some scientists are talking about global
warming and it got politicized they
figured it was another way to extract
human beings money because of fear
that's my opinion I think there's
probably some truth to that
we're gonna find our core scientists
that I agree with everything we say if
it's improving that Harvard studies have
been incorrect because they were being
funded by certain you know political
interest groups so I'm not trying to
pull up something and I'm blanking it'll
come back to me in a second but there
were Harvard papers that had been funded
by certain researchers that are trying
to get a certain political position out
and it causes mass fear people are
willing to spend their money is entirely
possible it is but it's real people are
fought so I'm not inclined when someone
pulls up an article and says look a
10,000 scientists I err on the side of
okay I don't know those scientists sorry
I don't know what the worst organization
is funded by so I'm gonna stick by my
gut and say I don't believe in it yet
