understand how you think that we you
were almost losing america and there's a
battle for america I've really thought
that like just in in every regard in
terms of just just the people that were
running like Hillary Clinton like this
woman was a globalist like just think
about who we were who we were in bed
with like Saudi Arabia selling all of
our uranium to Russia
like like Trump came in and was like no
like America people we weren't the gap
like we lost them
we're losing the middle class a gap
between the rich and the poor was like
literally what do you think is causing
that policies shipping all of our jobs
overseas the regulation the government
getting bigger bear you can't do
anything as an entrepreneur entrepreneur
in America without a piece of paper from
the government discouraging people with
