lowest ninety one percent of one of the
studies from 2014 the Union of Concerned
Scientists yeah they almost it's it's a
pretty broad consensus what do they who
do who are they
polling part of this 306 scientists that
confirm over 97% of climate scientists
agree and over ninety seven percent of
the scientific articles find that global
warming is real and largely caused by
humans so my question to you is if you
want to step outside of the scientific
consensus right which is vast and
involves ten thousand three hundred and
six scientists and just say I don't
believe in it
yeah even if you're right even if you're
right you don't have enough information
to say that right you're saying you
don't believe yeah I would have to have
someone sit down and convince me that it
was real I personally don't believe it
that's okay why it's good to start not
believing something no it's not you
think you should start with believing
everything oh it's did not believe
either or not believe yes not believe no
but don't say you don't believe yeah
