enough about it I don't say you wouldn't
die on this hill what but you also said
you don't believe in it and you stated
the reason why because you think it's a
scam yeah yeah that's the truth what do
want me to lie to you okay that's fine
but do you want me to lie to you and say
I'm not a politician you want - you
should the correct term like that I feel
like this is like the editing of people
do like when they're like Oh
- question you don't know this is the
I'm not running for office I'm answering
I'm talking to you I don't believe in it
shade that I appreciate you I can't be
fake I die this is my number one problem
in life is I can't be fake and I know
that you're pressing the air and that
you want me to adjust and to say like I
don't I do not have an opinion or the
effort I'm not like a politician I'm
telling you I don't believe in it
could I could I change my perspective if
you were just a regular person you said
I don't believe in that probably all
right the problem is you're not you're
you're you are a very influential where
so I'm aware when I'm on stage when I'm
on my youtube channel you there's no V
of Kenneth Owens talking about global
warming I'm aware of that there is now
yeah
