ground I'm not saying like we need to
like you know trash the environment like
but do I believe in climate change no
you don't believe in climate change no I
think the climate always changes I guess
especially do I believe if this is like
you know an issue that is being global
warming which they've changed
conveniently got rid of the word once
scientists started disproving it now
they only say client climate change no I
think that that was just a way to
extract dollars from Americans I don't
at all believe they had no actionable
plan it was great for Trump to get out
of that deal it was terrible
okay but this is an incredibly
complicated subject right and if you
would have to talk to a bunch of
different scientists and see how they
gather data and see what they understand
about co2 levels and what's the danger
of them and what can combat
what could not have you done all this
around flippin opinion this is not this
wouldn't be the hill I died on right but
it's not about part I just genuinely
I've read a ton about it but I would not
be able to I would not be able to come
to you and say like this is my strong
opinion but here's like the easiest way
to say this right the fact that there is
a disparity and the Science Committee
but whether or not it's real is enough
to it very little very little disparity
most most most scientists most the the
vast majority agree that human beings
are negatively affecting climate change
yeah the vast majority yeah I don't I
