kind of jealous actually that that's
afforded to them I bet ya you know
you've said that as a producer and a
writer when you make decisions and you
assert that decisions have been made
that very often people will feel like
they're still up for negotiation and
that you've taken on you know the
response of just leaving the room yeah
which I really like I'm gonna start
employing no because I have the same
thing you know I am very decisive but I
also care what people think of me so I
battle those two inclinations all the
time I think a lot of you guys probably
do that which is like I want it to be a
certain way and then if I stay there for
too long I'm like but there's some
wiggle room so I have to censor myself
and just exit because I can be convinced
of anything and that's gotten as I've
gotten older and just generally more
cranky I now have less problem just
being like hey guys it's my way or the
highway but it takes it um it takes some
training do you have anything else like
that that we can employ to just exit the
room yeah or to like to really stand in
your assertion you know no one has ever
accused me of not
if anything it's the it's the opposite
of that my my whole thing is I'm very
sort of a very sort of at the even to
the point of being brusque and then I
just send cupcakes so with a note that
says I'm sorry that I was so assertive I
said that love Mindy and you in LA
there's an entire cottage industry of
apology gifts you can send for being too
assertive as a woman flower arrangements
our teas '''l ice cream of playing with
the dogs
oh yes you can send a puppy party for
foursome for demanding respect I'm sorry
I demanded respect at that meeting
here's a puppy party love Mindy so again
like the young women who are here they
you can't employ that but you know maybe
when you get older you can notes
handwritten notes maybe you know that
