when you get older you can notes
handwritten notes maybe you know that
there's so many ongoing conversations
that those of us were not in Hollywood
have about Hollywood one of them always
I know is a big topic that is thrown at
you is this question of diversity
especially diversity in writers rooms do
you feel a responsibility to that
conversation I do I feel the
responsibility and I also feel I feel Q
like I'll most of the things you talk
about I battled two inclinations one is
one is absolutely I do
I think it's everyone's responsibility I
was thrilled at the the legal action
that's being somewhat threatened or in
the waters against heads of Studios for
not hiring diverse directors that stuff
is very exciting any kind of litigation
is extremely exciting in Hollywood and
so I I do think I do think there is a
huge responsibility and I'm proud of my
efforts and I also feel I could do more
and then there's the other side of me
that's like what else you want me to do
you know I figure out that feeling of
like I which is not a which is not a
good feeling but a good feeling to have
but I do feel that um I feel a lot of a
lot of scrutiny I think it's
it's good I often but you are you like
telling yourself I think it's good no I
think it's good I need to check myself I
mean I do a lot of stuff you know I'm
here talking about this and from and in
helping to you know to promote for my
show but then I also have to be thinking
about I'm an employer also I employ over
150 people so that's not necessarily
what I signed up to do when I moved to
Hollywood but I've had to learn how to
be a manager and be someone who's fair
and I have to you that's my
responsibility but it's it's really an
exciting time I feel like wherever I go
more and more I'm seeing young women who
are who don't look traditionally like
you would see in a writers room or who
want to direct who want to so it's
getting easier and easier just nice I
