self to assertive or competent maybe I
mean you brought up the concept of
likability and it's something that I
think a lot about I think just because I
to like want desperately for people to
like me and I think when you're on
television you have numbers that show
you whether or not people like you which
is you know great make you really good
after your second and and so I wonder
off air I mean do you do you care
especially in this age of endless
feedback on social media and ratings I
mean do you care about being likable I
don't care about being likable at so
much as I care about being relatable and
I think that they're often confused but
there are very different ideas and to me
relatable means that even if you do
something that some people might say is
unconscionable
if you're sitting in the audience you're
like you know what I have done that
that's not always you know you'll get
notes from the network that they just
they just want you to be sweet but
that's because they're not creative like
and you have to find ways of saying you
know my character can do insane stuff
but one of the great gifts of comedy is
that if it's poised in a right way and
then you're like if it comes from
something you've actually done so you
know the leap you make is that someone
else has done it - so relatability is
the most important thing to me because
you know you live in Hollywood for a
while and you're like everyone is Indian
with blonde hair that's just a thing
that happens and you're like no wait
that's not true that's my hair trend I I
saw it in magazines so I'm doing it so
just make sure that it's um it's that
your friends from home could actually
enjoy it this was originally called the
