don't think I would have had if I hadn't
had that that kind of culture clash I
you know gave a nod to the moms but
there are also a lot of really young
girls in this room and I think they look
at you and you just seem like a font of
confidence I know that that's not easy
and that's not all the time but for them
what do you wish you'd known what would
you tell your younger self start just
easy you know it's such a good question
and you know I'm I hope I'm qualified to
it to answer this question about about
confidence and the truth is I was not
confident as a child and I think there's
I wasn't confident because I had no
accomplishments
and I it I don't know I I found
confidence there one outlet only which
was my writing and it was my it was
excelling at that and working hard at
that and absorbing what everyone else
was doing quietly like if you'd met me
as a kid I just seemed so weird because
I was not adorable I was not someone who
could have ever been a child actor I
just sat and observed everything like a
weird chubby kid with giant glasses and
I think that um because I observed
everything and because I kind of learned
my skill and private as I got older that
gave me confidence but you know I write
about this too this is controversial
probably but I don't think necessarily
that confidence is something that you
should just have in fact I see I come
from Hollywood a land of like the
reality TV where I think confidence
should be earned and it is good to be
quiet and listen to your parents and
learn from them it's you know I come
from the land where like every
six-year-old is like what you have to
say is exactly equal to what an adult
has to say and I don't think that's true
I think that people should have to the
young people should have to listen and
learn I mean that's the way I did it
that's if like you want exact my career
trajectory I don't know that everyone
Xander Bullock I don't know she did that
she was she probably wanted totally
different route but that's how I did the
