that fairytale that was completely blew
up in her face you talked about getting
feedback from your friends who have kids
or maybe married when you think of the
audience for this show who were you
writing for that's a great question you
know when we were doing the office which
is my training for the show I was there
for eight years
our boss Greg Daniels and never really
put a premium on thinking about who's
watching it was just try to show that
made us laugh and I am someone I'm total
a student who's addicted to feedback so
that is a little hard for me with my own
show and we talk about so many more with
women's issues than we did on every we
ever did in the office so I have had to
resist that a lot but in general I
follow that same philosophy which is I
just tried to do a show that makes me
laugh and makes my best friend laugh
it's working thank you you know as a fan
