who would hold otters speak that way
about them you know I think especially
for those of us who come from immigrant
families there is just a different sense
of that responsibility and that legacy
that plays in because you're always made
so aware of the fact that incredible
sacrifices were made for you to be who
you are yeah and you're a liaison to the
American pop cultural world your parents
which was I think really helped me I
often I don't think about this now but
now I'm realizing more often like I was
it was such a gift to be able to be the
liaison because I think it made me more
perceptive you know every time I winced
because I felt like you know my parents
were haggling at Sears over the price of
a vacuum cleaner and I'm like mom and
dad you don't do this here that's
culturally like not correct I learned so
much about comedy and I learned so much
about people's reactions in a way that I
don't think I would have had if I hadn't
had that that kind of culture clash I
