messy on the margins but on the whole
she's doing pretty well and I wish I saw
more strong female characters our age in
sitcoms who were less of a mess and I
wonder why we don't see more of that I
think maybe two things I think I I'm in
an industry where likability is is the
most paramount thing you can have in a
lead and often likeability is when
people feel like you're an underdog and
you have
your life is a mess I also think if you
take the average person who creates a
show it is such a Herculean task to put
a show on the air have it stay on the
air and have people so many people have
to say yes and that type of personality
is not a mess kind of person who's
creating a show and I think that there's
this feeling when you're doing it of
like okay no one wants to see like a
like a type a decisive creative person
on TV because it's just like that's not
soft and likeable my character actually
it's funny that you bring that up
because she does not think she's a mess
I tend to think she has some things you
could work on you know when I watched
the show some she recently said in a
episode I don't like that America has
such a fixation on recycling it makes us
look poor to other countries that's
something she believes so while not a
mess I think she has a again areas if
she could work on but um my I think I
think the point is that we just you know
I think we don't want to I think the
reason why that's the case is people
maybe don't want to turn off men is my
speculation because of a woman who's too
self to assertive or competent maybe I
mean you brought up the concept of
