school so I was the one who just sort of
went by but this the the invisible
student so there wasn't any excelling in
any area and early in my life I realized
that I was a people pleaser
I wanted everyone to like me at any cost
even at the cost of my own joy and my
own happiness I wanted to be liked by my
friends and I wanted to be liked and
towed and shown my beauty by men those
brought some pretty interesting
experiences that really caused me to get
to such a place of actually emptiness
but I had to stop and realize that no
one else can fill my tank but me and
when I started that journey the journey
wasn't started out of a desire to be
super wonderful and were in the world
and to be a super achiever really my
journey started as a way of saving
myself
it was very personal I didn't grow up
thinking I wanted to be a motivational
inspirational speaker a transformational
coach I just need to change myself
Lisa how do you think of yourself today
