okay how do you save the day personal
integrity what is personal integrity
keeping a promise to yourself I do not
focus on your ability to keep promises
to other people I'm actually not that
impressed I mean that's lovely but you
really keep a promise to someone else
you don't get in trouble right but what
about the promises to yourself going to
that gym getting what you want making
any promise to have anything that scares
you right personal integrity is the only
way out being able to keep a promise to
yourself and if I asked you to make a
list of promises you wish you were
making you all can make a list right now
it's not that you don't know what to do
that's not your problem it's doing it
now you can hear the brat or the chicken
come in right or the weather reporter
explain why you're different and it's
real do you hear me
it's clear okay so personal integrity is
an ability to keep a promise with
yourself but please remember I
understand that we are jerks at keeping
promises with ourselves totally jerks
especially in areas you don't want to
deal
so how do you trap a jerk now of course
this trap is the trap I need because I
win the brat chicken jerk award
absolutely and then this is what works
on me and then now I've been able to
teach it to lots of people thank God
okay so you make a promise and I have
