really want I give you a rating scale
scale of 1 to 10 where ya at now from
your ideal where you at 10 the best
fleeting moments of sublime happiness
right on that beach and then one you'd
rather drink about it okay you're not
going to talk about it that area okay
you see the scale alright so I asked you
to rate your life in that area and then
I asked you to tell me why why why how
come why don't you have what you want
okay now you can start to hear this is
where I'm coming for you right so once
you spell it out what you're actually
spelling out is you know the sad story
in your life about why you can't have
money or why you hate money or why you
resent stuff you know I gave up on sex
you know after that husband
okay so rate your life trust your ideals
Oh
trust your ideals and face your excuses
so here we go oh and if you find
yourself that you absolutely love an
area of your life or you love a few
really good areas in your life by all
means focus on the ones you don't love
but I also dare you to dream bigger
right so some people are really happy
right lad great great in that area yeah
okay well then you're in charge of
saving the world in that area please
like really do something about it
what are you gonna do if you're a great
speaker if you are a great doctor if
you're if you're great at something can
you please take that out in the world
really I demand it actually it's a
little rude of me but I do you might all
appreciate it though not this crew wrong
way here we go
okay let me stay there for a second okay
so then there so you now got the formula
right so you've said your ideal you've
rated your life and you've explained why
you don't have what you want then I
introduced three words first word this
way I call you a chicken if you go
through that paragraph of why you don't
have what you want you will find
language upon language about why it's
not your fault you can't you shouldn't
it's his fault you know why can't you go
have that conversation with your mother
why can't you tell your husband what you
really want why can't why why why I
swear you are up to your eyeballs in
chicken squawking conversations right no
matter how enlightened you are I find
the chicken for any area that's under a
seven chicken fear yes we've all been
talking about that but okay and I dare
you to start to listen to it go any area
of your life and start to listen why you
don't have what you want and you'll hear
the chicken voice okay and what I call
that little voice in your head is your
inner dialogue you are if you are
talking to yourself on my
a minute and so I like to tag the little
voice in your head so you get stuck
being able to catch it because then you
have a chance in hell of what I like to
