I have a process you know hopefully
other people do too but my process one
of the things I do when I collaborate is
whatever the actor gives me I use I
don't go home and prepare a performance
and then come to the set and use that
performance that I prepared at home
whatever I work with at home I only I
only take it to a certain extent and
then when I go onstage I prepare myself
for the fact that the actor may give me
something completely different because
what has happened in the past and I see
it with other actors they'll tell
another actor how to act and the reason
why they do that is because they've
already planned what they want to do and
that other actor whatever they giving
them is interfering with that that's not
how it works you got to say yes to your
partner if they given you a line in a
certain way guess what you got to get up
off you're a double snakes and use that
that's my process of collaboration I
read it over and over and over again
just to find out it in actors terms the
given circumstances who you are what
people say about you all of that that's
the first thing I do and then I write a
bio of the character so that I get up I
try to fill it up as much as possible
what are her memories does she have
brothers and sisters how many what
secrets does she have what's a favorite
color I do all of that work first the
character is always ever-evolving just
like we evolve based on circumstances
that happen to us there could be things
that happen that we absolutely know how
it's going to affect you affect you but
you really don't know how it's going to
affect you and how it will make you veer
off course at any given time so whatever
prep work you do the next thing you have
to do
what actors and actors charms are you
leave yourself alone you leave yourself
absolutely alone and know that there
could be something that happens that
totally will be out of character
whatever the reaction will be in any
given scene also one thing that because
actives won't admit this also because
whatever you prepared could be wrong
there could be something that really
does surprise you and all of a sudden
you're woken up because another actor
gives you a line in a certain way and
you surprise yourself at your reaction
and you think wow that's interesting I
never thought of that when I was
preparing the character but it's
interesting it's those jewels that you
get when you just freefall with your
acting here's what I was given coral
