you're expected to have that and I guess
the easiest way to say that is like when
I'm buying a device and I'm doing a
review of it like I'm gonna be honest
there's no way I'm gonna give up a bad
device a great review I the whole point
of a review when I'm sharing a review a
device of a device is to help other
people decide whether they want to buy
it or not and that always means playing
out the pros and the cons so I will
always do my best at that so then
there's the whole snag where if a
company sends you something and
it's bad what do you say do you give it
a bad review do you not review it do you
give it a good review and my my always I
just give it an honest review and if
they don't like it they don't have to
send me anything else like that's fine I
just I can't I don't have a problem with
changing the way I do videos because of
any sort of political reasons like that
so my policies are just I just it just
doesn't seem right to to get to be
dishonest about something because you
want to maintain a relationship behind
the scenes I would just rather keep
making videos that are helpful to people
because once you start lying about
quality it's not even an honest or
helpful video anymore so I like I like
