of my life and know that you know I had
yeah exactly and then I think the last
step really for me was um just realizing
that I just need to take time to care
for myself and I need to say no to
things and people and I need to like
actually take the time to sort things
out when I feel sad or you know of him
because it just makes you the most
ineffective person when you just stress
about a million things and it could all
have been solved by you know that two
weekends ago when you wanted to do that
thing that was going to make you feel
good and you didn't and now you're
paying for it in like a week of load
time so I think like actual time for
self-care and yeah and stop doing things
for other people because you know what
made them feel good but makes you feel
kind of horrible right right
