around-the-clock mayhem and no I just
you know feel very calm it's great what
advice would you have for other young
women who maybe feel super anxious super
stressed out hate themselves
ask himself why am I even here what
advice would you have for them or
coaching or guidance I think to just
slow everything down to write things out
- I mean I think it really depends but I
think like giving yourself the there's
lots of different types of like therapy
that you can go and do you know CB CBT
or something and that but if that's not
really for you I think it's like just
asking yourself really really difficult
questions like questioning getting to
the root like you look further and
further with it and because like the
answers are all there and I think you're
capable of finding that on your own and
ask yourself like why do you make
yourself feel like this because no one
else is doing that to you yeah why and
and like don't stop until you've like
cried every last year about the reason
why I keep picking yourself and keep
trying to understand it yeah I'm still
you know on my way to figuring that sort
of thing out I think you know it it's
definitely like just like layers and
layers of like you know trying to
understand that but I think it's all
within you and I think you know trying
to find you know getting support and
help from friends or boyfriends can be
like really really wonderful but at the
end of the day like you can't mask any
of your problems with that because
they've just come back in three years
time when it's even harder to to grasp
yeah because you did that you were like
