that I want to do where's what my life
that's cool yeah what would you say is
your superpower
empathy maybe one yeah that's a very
powerful superpower I am feel like I
felt a lot of emotions like and I can
feel them for other people yeah and I
have friends that you know on anywhere
near as like emotional as me and I love
that and I can see it and like you know
the pure happiness and joy of like the
amazing things they've experienced in
their lives and it's like so beautiful
but at the same time like I feel like I
can just feel real sadness for other
people and like it can really yeah
consume me sometimes but it's a
superpower it can also be your
kryptonite exactly yeah
so you gotta learn how to manage it yeah
yeah exactly and like be proactive like
on your empathy like user happy yeah
help someone yeah see what you know see
what's making them sad or whatever it is
and like you know be able to understand
it enough with him myself about what I
needed to do at that moment and you know
how I can help someone in like that yeah
