in my life from what I want my future to
be and for me I don't see successes you
know always going bigger and better and
bigger and better because it's not what
I want I have no intention of being any
more famous than I am right now I'm
happy for that to just get less and less
and in terms of like being an actor and
the characters that I want to play in
the emotions that I want to sort of
portray it's very rare to find those
sort of things within you know very very
big movies and they sometimes don't ask
questions that are you know moving
enough for deep enough for real enough
and I think that you know I really want
to tell stories that are like
heartbreaking or I want to just like
feel really I'm a very emotional person
I feel things very very deeply and I
love that and I want other people to
feel that watching movies and when
things are kind of sugar-coated and you
know I'm just kind of a little offensive
I think yeah great more opportunities
