trying to be some be the person that you
want me to be in this situation which I
sort of tried to scrap about a year ago
and then I think the sense that my
nerves have definitely got a lot you
know more intense but nerves are more
intense
yeah when I've tried to just sort of
like drop that I don't know yeah I just
had a lot of you get it a lot when
you're younger when you grow up and you
try something and then you know a lot of
people have a lot of opinions and say
that you're not you know being authentic
and you and you're just trying to figure
that out yourself I think it's quite a
jarring thing to hear and for me I have
always felt like I don't know who I am
yeah if I'm not pretending to be someone
or yeah yeah do you think most because
you're 21 now you're 22 soon do you
think most teenagers feel that way even
if they're not
on a big show and everyone's looking at
them absolutely I think you know
whenever anyone can see through my
facade and they see me for like the
nervous little cover I am I think
actually it's quite I get quite a
positive reaction from that so I've
really tried to just embrace it a lot
more because I think people can relate
to that and you know getting on stage
and doing a TED talk is terrifying and I
think you know to see someone find it
terrifying is you know makes you feel
kind of good like yeah yes superhuman
yeah yeah I'm not okay like I yeah I
feel like it's quite a natural thing to
be a little nervous to stand on stage
and talk to people so is it different
being on camera in front of a film crew
I mean I don't know how many people are
filming and we're not set 20 50 people
while you're doing a scene is a more
nervous when the camera say okay action
time to go get this at this time you've
done it 20 times and now we need to get
it right
what's more nerve-racking that or a TED
talk for 15 minutes in front of a
thousand people a TED talk
why is that um I didn't performing
that's like in my bones and being able
to switch that on and like I can pretend
to be like still and calm and like
focused and thoughtful and that's what
my entire job is on Game of Thrones
Arya's very calculated and she can
command a room by doing very little and
I understand that feeling and can
portray that and can convince people but
my hands are shaking right now so you
can do that on a camera I'd be super
calm but on stage or yeah in a simple
little podcast with me you still get a
little nervous or anxious yeah and I
think it really is just the act of like
you know creating character of yeah
pretending you know
you think and I think people people do
it all the time people live their entire
lives like pretending to be someone
Meritor yeah putting on a mask yeah
people don't really know who they are
and you do that for so long that you
really lose touch with it's who you are
and I think you know being able to do
that so strongly and so convincingly you
know means I've created a career from it
but yeah it when I strip that away and
decide to drop that like I am a very
anxious person and yeah I don't know if
there's ever like a way to fix that
about myself I mean I've definitely
tried I've sort gone to therapy and I've
been medicated and like I've tried a lot
of different things
but you know I think the best like
medicine I was ever given was really
just trying to embrace it and stop
trying to fight it really and just
accepting that that's how I deal with
things and not letting it stop me from
doing a TED talk I'm still gonna go and
do it even though it means that I'm
going to be you know uncomfortable and
probably make my anxiety worse or do a
play I did a play for three months
Hampstead Theatre here in London was
that nerve-racking completely an opening
night I looked at myself in the mirror
was alone in my dressing room and I
outwardly said to myself in the mirror
what made you think you could do this
like set it myself
hahaha that's why not the best thing to
say right before the first met you know
but I just couldn't believe that like
past Maisie had thought that this would
be an amazing idea but then you have to
stop and breathe and realize that like
I'm not gonna let this hold me back from
doing the things I enjoy it because
ultimately I enjoy performing I enjoy
being onstage I enjoy that sort of thing
and I enjoy you know helping other
people and and I know that the words
that I wanted to say in my TED talk
could be inspiring to other people and I
want to do that and it's difficult but
it doesn't mean that I shouldn't right
yeah so it's like trying to not listen
to those voices in me yeah
I'll be the play and a TEDTalk go for
you personally how did you feel they
went the play was amazing I felt so
proud of myself afterwards and I want to
do more the TED talk the thing about a
TED talk is you do it on the day in
front of those people who on stage and
then it lives on after you yeah
on the day delivery was not strong
there's a lot of pregnant pauses where I
looked at the crowd and thought what am
i what am I doing here who would have
thought I'd should be doing got it back
and you know but you know and and I'm
one I was really beating myself up after
it
I was with Ruben and we walked back to
the train station I basically cried the
whole way back to the train station that
took the floor I couldn't even look at
him because I was so embarrassed by I'm
disappointed in myself and then we just
got to the train station and I sort of
pulled myself together and we were just
looking through a sharp point we waited
for the train and this girl came up and
she said Maisie and I turned around she
was like I just was at your TED talk is
so interesting to me that you're so
terrified and like don't beat yourself
up about that because yeah you know it
wasn't the most punchy talk that
anyone's ever given but the fact that
you like let down that wall and let
people see that you are just like an
anxious person I think is I quite
humbling to be pulled to here so that
was like what I needed for me to just be
like suck it up like it's bigger than
that
and it's okay that he did something
wrong and and then they edited those out
and then now the videos doing
wonderfully and people are happy so yeah
I don't need to beat myself up for the
rest of my life
now where do you think anxiety comes
from for you I think I think my entire
family are quite anxious people and I
think mines definitely sort of enhanced
and youngest of four right I am yes yeah
it's the same things in the family the
baby I think yours is enhanced yeah it's
just you know mine gets worse with like
being famous you know and the things
that come with that like being stalked
in the street you know so but I don't
know that that's like the root of it
really I feel like I'd maybe would have
been an anxious person anyway even if I
wasn't famous so I don't want to say
that cuz I think that that's untrue I
think just self-doubt like really me and
my entire family you challenge yourself
a lot yeah I think we all do we have
this big star your shows your you know
celebrated I don't think that's what
your self-worth comes from though where
does your self-worth come from my I
think like real connections with people
like I pride myself and I judge myself
based on like you know how like how many
people are like good to me and help me
and how many people I help like one to
one like I feel like that's how I feel
like I'm worth something if I can be
that friend to cool or if I can find if
I have someone to cool you know I think
that's like kind of where my self-worth
is yeah is that bad I don't emit
