place right now cover of every magazine
you're doing it all yes exactly and this
is interesting we were just talking
about this before we sat down about how
kind of anxious you get yeah before
interviews before speeches before photo
shoots before things like this yeah but
you're this massive superstar millions
of followers all over the world but
doing eight seasons of game and throw
yeah you are massive but you still get
anxious before an interview with a
simple American gonna my cast right I
think
I think like as an actor you spend your
life playing like a character and then
you know like I've been doing prescence
for about a decade and you know there
are times when I feel like I'm putting
on a character and and you know
portraying a version of myself but I
think there's nothing that's more
terrifying than like truly being
yourself Wow
and yeah I get very very anxious about a
lot of things I think it helps me in
some ways I do a lot better when I put
myself under a little bit of pressure I
think and I think nerves is a way of you
sort of doing that like feeding your
nerves yes or more exactly you're
focused yeah but yeah it also can be
just very nerve-wracking I think you
know as a lot of people gonna listen to
what is being yourself so nerve-racking
um
because I think for a long time I wasn't
really sure who I was so I couldn't
really be authentic because I was trying
to search in so many other places for
who that was and I guess it's that sort
of fear of being found out and like you
know trying to say the right thing and
trying to be some be the person that you
want me to be in this situation which I
