and let her know I've got two final
questions for you this is called the
three truths okay so imagine it's your
last day on earth
a hundred two hundred years from now
mmm-hmm you have superhuman strength you
live as long as you want but then one
day you gotta call it quits you got to
move on to the next chapter the next
scene if we want to keep it in theme
there and you've done it all
you listen to your 51 year old self who
said go adventure go do everything meet
everyone you did everything you wanted
to do you live the most incredible life
of your dreams you look back you have
zero regrets and you get to leave the
world with three lessons three truths
that this is all they would have to
remember you by from every lesson and
experience you've had the people you've
met the things you love the losses
everything three things you get to leave
behind for the world to remember you by
what would you write down as your three
truths
I think the first would be I don't know
how to put it into words I guess it's
like how I'm remembered by other people
means nothing unless I feel good about
myself
so I don't know how I turn that until I
kind of like the opinions of other
people doesn't mean anything unless you
feel good about mm-hm
unless you love yourself exactly yeah
that's a good truth ii take care of the
people around you put out good energy
into the world be a beacon of light even
in some of like real dark days that
we're going through right now I think
the last one would be to look up when
you're in the world no because I don't
do that and I think that we can all
learn a lot from realizing how beautiful
this world is yeah yeah I want to
