overwhelming feelings of not really
wanting to be here Wow and then yeah and
then I met someone who just listened
really and I think a lot of people want
to help you and when you see someone
who's in pain you want to help them like
coach them or tell them what to do yeah
you want to take that pain away I wasn't
watching this thing about a marathon
trainer and humor like trained this girl
and like he says like you want to feel
the pain for them and you want to run
the marathon for them and you want to be
that but you can't you have to just let
them just figure it out and discover it
as it goes and I think you know a lot of
my friends are people who want to make
me feel better but you have to do that
yourself and no one had really tried to
ask me the questions that I need to be
asking myself you know what are some of
those questions they should have asked
you um or that this friend started to
ask you yeah why do you find it so easy
to think bad thoughts and good thoughts
um and I really loved being negative and
getting into hole I used to say like I'm
in a hole I felt like I was in a hole
