involved if they're listening or
watching
so I started Daisy for artists and
creative people
people always say if you want to break
into the industry it's not what you know
it's who you know and I think when you
know nobody that's kind of a very
jarring thing to hear yes so I wanted to
create like a social media platform for
artists and creative people to be able
to discover a network other people
across industries and collaborate with
them on projects that you know they want
to build so whether that's like a
musician who needs a videographer to
shoot like a music video or it's like a
photographer who's going to shoot you
know an artist in their new gallery or
you know across industries and people
being able to really like source these
people that they need to be able to
elevate the work that they're already
doing I think the key to six
it's like collaborating and finding new
audiences and I think the more people
you can work with and the big your
network can become even if it's at a
very basic level and like you know an
amateur level I think that's the sort of
thing it really starts to catch people's
eyes and and help you break into the
industry so that's why we created it and
you know all types of creatives can be
artists to graphic design to photography
yeah film fashion music photography art
literature writing everything all of it
across the board we we want you to be a
part of our platform and we want you to
find like-minded people and find your
place amongst you know I think a lot of
creative people feel rejected from
social medias like Instagram or you know
they feel like they're not part of the
cool Club and I think Daisy is really
about celebrating that messy middle and
giving these people a place to really
express themselves and find the people
that love what they do and don't think
