show Wow
yeah and um yeah and then I think you
know and when I did start to sort of
bring myself out of that started to love
myself I think and now I wouldn't dream
of telling my
that I hated myself I it might makes me
so sad to think that I was like that and
I was you know because everything is so
I'm wonderful now yeah and um it's a
beautiful life isn't it yeah yeah well
I'm glad you have someone and people who
can really listen to you and ask you the
right questions so that you can start to
shift those conversations yeah I think
you know I used to have those
conversations with myself as well for
many years and I think a lot of people
listening or watching have had those or
having them now so I think it's
beautiful you're sharing this and I
really appreciate it
okay there's a tissue back there memory
you know what um so I love that someone
