[Music]
why were you so bothered when you found
that Forbes was adding you to the list
of billionaires well a lot of people
associate success with how much money
you have or if you're like a billionaire
over here okay then maybe you're
something different than everybody else
so when I started making money it was
like well you know what how about we
don't talk about what I have what I do
with what I have
you know sometimes realized I got a
whole bunch of money you know but I do
good things with I didn't mind that at
all so when people call me for example
you've earned it and I and I help others
to along the way but then so if you take
a look Blumberg I think has to be at 5.2
billion
I think Forbes has me at three point two
or three point four billion someone else
has me six and half million okay and
main reasons I won't tell anybody
anything and I went to Steve Forbes one
day because I know Steve wants this team
get me off a list I can't do it JP he
says can you just tell people what we
have at least we'll get you up there so
I don't want to get out there I want to
get off your list they can't do it
