have you gone about deciding where you
want to have homes well the home thing
came about were I bought a house it was
great and then I moved someplace else
and I bought a place there but each time
I bought a place the people that would
take care of it were so nice that I
didn't want to get rid of them and I was
doing really well so I thought well in
my own mind was I would just keep the
money in real estate and it would grow
and it'd be like a future profit thing
for me and if I get something else I'd
like the people again I didn't want to
get rid of them and then once I or twice
I bought a house was such a good deal
but the people take care was so nice you
know you would only grow it drove me
nuts okay like right really I was like
what am i doing this I mean that's where
I am I out of my mind I realize no I
love these people I could afford it and
that the land appreciates anyways the
house appreciates so I'm just gonna do
this longer alright so how many homes
more than one how about your favorite
