fine but what you said to the New York
Times once was it was about it was after
your incarceration and you said you
can't go from a two thousand dollar a
night hotel suite to a penitentiary and
understand it I'm coming out of liberal
and I just wondered what you meant by
that well the funny thing is and I
appreciate your your point of view
things that use
five seven years ago were things you
said in an interview that made sense to
you at the time I could pick that I
could pick that apart for two hours and
nobody no closer to the truth and I'd be
giving you some half-assed answer right
now I couldn't even really tell you what
a liberal is so therein lies the answer
to your question the statement sort of
stands by itself doesn't I mean does
that mean you're you're not a liberal or
that you came out of prison not being a
liberal are we promoting a movie to me
the thing is that it's I'm certainly not
going to backpedal on anything I've said
but I would I wouldn't say actually I
wouldn't say I'm a Republican or liberal
or a Democrat I think when I was talking
to the person who is doing the interview
that day and and that just happened to
be my opinion that's the nice thing is
you can have opinions and they kind of
change and flow
yeah well that's that's life and that's
growing older I suppose yeah I mean you
you say oh Informer's you can interview
I mean promoting the movie I mean
obviously you're doing a promotional
round of interviews and that's why we're
talking about the movie but we also
would like to talk a little bit about
you know how comfortable you are you
know talking talking about yourself at
the moment you have as much time as
anyone else well yeah well okay well
then let me just ask you a few more
questions and you can answer them if you
want to and not if you don't want to I
mean well I think we've got two three
more minutes on our I agree with your
starting to jump a little bit you better
get to your next question you the reason
I'm asking about the past is that you
you've talked in other interviews again
about your relationship with your father
and the role of all of that in you know
the dark periods you enters and taking
drugs and drinking and all of that and I
just wondered whether you know you think
you're free of all of that or whether
that's still some sorry I really don't
know what are we doing well I'm just
asking questions that's all right bye
you I'm sorry
