the way you know what I remembered
before I met Joel I made a list I didn't
make a list of things I thought were
about me
I'm a I made a list of the things I was
looking for because I I started to think
I didn't know what I was looking for in
a man
like what did I want like sometimes you
think well you'll know what when you see
in it'll be chemistry and then you know
hopefully everything else will work
right and I literally wrote I think I
wrote things like infinite patience
which is really what I need that that
was one of the things but just the the
things I cared about the kindness and
just the someone who was sincere and I
remember when he looked at me and spoke
to me about love like I I always get
emotional if someone's truthful really
truthful and I feel it yeah and I
remember he looked me in the eye and I
started crying I said this is what I say
he he well he he basically said that
well it was the day he said he was in
love with me no very good day so any and
you believed him that had the most
important you knew it to be true I knew
it was true and and he said it and then
he was just I just was kind of sitting
there and he goes don't leave me hanging
out here I didn't say anything because I
was so I don't know what it was I think
I was just in it in a great moment and
sitting in it anyway and then but it's
interesting you want different things at
different times in your life so you were
looking yes something different than
maybe when yes 20 yes and I think it's
it's good to kind of figure that out to
know cuz I think it and sometimes
writing it down challenge eight of my
kids you know right well write down
figure out who you are what you want do
you want someone who you know is
adventurous do you want someone who's
kind do you look for someone who's gonna
be a great dad what is it that you're
looking no but we're also who are you
right that's a very early to start yet
to try to feel like you're somebody unto
yourself and not for somebody to
complete you yes yes yes that's that
remember that you complete me yeah yes
what why don't you say that that's
something that we all a lot of people
look for I know should complete
ourselves yeah
