my emotions are bubbling I cracked quick
Oh God
Krista's here at Toronto with his movie
before we go a directorial debut that
you also star in bold move you're an
incredible I'm not gonna say hopeless
romantic you're ridiculous take it back
thank you romantic I am a romantic I
hope everyone has those experiences
where you have whether it's a whether
it's a date that lasted all night or a
date that lasted five seconds at a train
station moments that were so personal
and so special it was hard to explain to
somebody else
all right so my pay phone question where
did you find the pay phones the pay
phones were phones that we brought yeah
they were all fake we just we just you
know pop to market corner but I will say
you know we still chose our corners
luckily so now that you've done it did
it scare you off or do you just want to
direct more I'm not saying my movies
perfect it's it's not but but the
experience was wonderful
can we talk about Captain America let's
do it all that nonsense yeah what do you
got okay who hangs out with who on the
set when you're doing those big movie
nobody everyone hates each other do they
all like everyone going popular it's all
it's all about money no it's
I'm incredibly blessed in the sense that
I just so happened to be a part of a
company that makes good movies what has
been your most awkward moment when some
one kid or grown-up has come up to you
for Captain America you know I really
it's more about um it's more about where
it happens I have no problem talking to
people but when it happens in the face
of you know 30 people for some reason I
have this really awful insecurity
response where you just start dripping
sweat and you try to be so nice you're
like yes it's me thank you yes thank you
thank you great to meet you great great
great and you're just literally turning
into a sauna on the day so I don't have
any specific moment but I guess in
general
you sweat a lot is that we're gonna do
yeah that's baby if I were if I were to
writing that down you sweat a lot
everything that I just said that's what
