The Steve Harvey Show and on the Steve
Harvey Show I was supposed to culture
woman'll relationships which I got I can
do that
relationships money I got it got it got
it at the last minute she didn't show up
she cancelled and the woman's who
replace her they asked me to coach her
Oh weight loss zing and to drive home
the point that you opened with I set in
the green room keenly aware that I
wasn't qualified to coach her mm-hmm I
like being congruent if I did so in the
green room I'm having a slight meltdown
not good for the couple million people
gonna watch me be in control not good
for the expert coach down right exactly
and I wasn't willing to being congruent
I wasn't willing I wasn't willing I
never opened up health and wellness as a
deep dive conversation I never I said
they're four quadrants of your life that
you need to master I talked about all
four and I said in the fourth quadrant
I'm in that I'm living that I'm working
through that for health quarter the
health contract so here we are at the
only focus on this quadrant and so I
committed to her that I would take the
journey with her interesting III I put
myself out there I bust myself out I
expose myself I said I can't coach you
talk about accountability
oh I said and Steve sitting there Steve
harvestin there look at me like this
are you sure what you're about to take
off he's over there and he's looking at
me like what are you doing yeah and I
said I can't call to you I'm over 200
pounds I don't qualify to coach about
what I do qualify to do is walk with you
mm-hmm
and I said so let's do it together every
