recognize no one's gonna recognize me
and so the question yeah how was I able
to navigate through it and feel like cuz
I was congruent I know what you're gonna
feel congruent feel like I was what a
liar or weren't like well what I said
was I'm still in the journey with my
help I'm not gonna man I don't wanna now
is that uh like a mask or something that
you just continue to say for 20 years
like no it was it was it was it was I I
thought my weight was just wait just
some I think it's bad or wrong no no no
no I appreciate the question no I I love
the question i I
I didn't know what I didn't know that's
number one so my truth was my truth
based on what I knew up until that
moment yeah so for years I would say I
don't know how to lose the weight
because I couldn't be consistent but for
years I just made it about what I ate
and what I did and I never let it be
emotionally like when I realized I don't
say
lost weight as much as I say I released
it because I wore a jacket a 78 pounds
agate and I didn't know why I was
wearing the jacket 78 pounds yeah why
would you oh you mean that literally
wait but on top of the way it was the
weight like this is who I am and did you
lost 70 80 pounds I lost released 78
pounds and it took me that's great and
so but what I didn't realize was that
there was an emotional weight that
preceded the physical weight and I put
the jacket on 21 years ago for a reason
and I never looked at the reason what
was the reason you are all in my
business like for real forever
absolutely so I told you my son's father
went to prison and when he went to
prison I put the jacket on
I never acknowledged that I was wildly
madly in love with him now that I saw
myself with him for a lifetime and so I
put a jacket on
almost immediately after he went in I
didn't put all 78 on immediately but it
slowly came on because I actually didn't
want to be attractive to anyone else and
