all right before I go to bed I thought
I'd respond to a hater this is on reddit
I'm gonna read you with somebody wrote I
think it's important sometimes to
respond to people in this world people
get mixed up ideas and sometimes it's
good to clarify things so this person
paraponera been bred on reddit says ties
seems pretty distant disingenuous to
market get-rich-quick schemes even if
they do work so somebody was saying I
don't think ties a scam because it works
for a lot of people and so this is a
reply someone said that is it it's
disingenuous of tie to market
get-rich-quick schemes even if they do
work because they can't work for
everybody and if they do don't work for
you all you did was lose more money when
they were supposed to make you money
while time makes money whether you win
or lose his business model only depends
on working just well enough that more
people will buy in okay couple problems
with that argument I see what he's
saying and it would be true if he had
all the facts right so first of all I
own many businesses my only business is
not teaching other people how to do
business but in the model world guess
what it's time to cut out the middleman
I was driving and there was a college a
Sousa Pacific had a sign and it said
come get a master's degree from us I
looked it up forty-seven thousand
dollars a year so this guy says I'm a
scam because you pay me whether or not
you get results but what about college
one point two trillion dollars in
college debt and whether or not you get
a job whether or not you actually learn
something you got to pay the college so
does that mean the whole college school
system is a scam well in some ways yes
in some ways no but I'll tell you this
