I'm Gretchen Rubin and this is the
happiness project the pigeon of
discontent for this week is no one
appreciates all the things i do around
here when that pigeon of discontent
crops up it is followed quickly by I'd
like to see them do it without me now
this completely resonates with me
because I have an insatiable need to get
credit and to be praised and to be
recognized and to get that gold star on
my homework I mean I crave gold stars
but the problem with craving gold stars
one of the problems with craving gold
stars is that it makes it very easy for
you to feel resentful because you do
something or you make some duster and no
one appreciates it no one even notices
it and then you feel very resentful and
so the strategy that has worked really
really well for me and it sounds a
little bit counterintuitive is always to
say to myself I'm doing this for myself
I'm doing this because I want to do it
I'm doing it because it's the way I want
things to be now this is
counter-intuitive because it sounds
selfish it seems like it would be better
to do things for other people and to
make nice gestures to help others or to
make others more comfortable to go out
of your way but what happens is that I
would think to myself like oh I'm doing
these holiday cards for my family or I'm
cleaning up the kitchen because my
husband is going to appreciate it so
much and then no one would say thank you
no one would appreciate it oftentimes no
one would even notice it and then I
would be filled with resentment but in
fact it was better and it was also
really if I'm honest with myself more
truthful to admit to myself that I was
doing these things for myself I was
doing it because that's what I wanted to
do i want to send holiday cards i want
to clean out the cabinet that's what i
want to do and when i do things to suit
myself I don't feel like I need to wait
for anybody else's particular reaction
and I'm not upset if they don't give me
a particular reaction and I have a sense
that I'm doing things because I want to
do them and that's satisfying to to just
feel like you're living your life
according to your values and you're
taking action to have things the way you
want them to be so the resolution for
this week is do it for yourself
