know Trailblazers stay connected to our
community see it is very easy when you
get to the positions that we get to to
forget where you came from because
you're being pulled into a new world the
reality is that every experience I've
had that's new in my life I have felt a
little bit like an alien you know and
sometimes I've gone back to the
community I've come from and I have felt
like an alien there because my own
family and friends sometimes treat me
differently the first Christmas after I
was appointed to the Supreme Court I'm
sitting in my cousin's living room with
my family and nobody's saying a word
they're all looking at me okay and I
looked at them and I said what in the
world is wrong with all of you I'm still
Sonia I can wrap myself daily and that
broke the ice and then the screaming and
the shouting and the talking event and
the partying started again but it is
hard to take your family on a new road
you're traveling you know every once in
a while Aylin I would have invited my
mother to something and she would say no
no Kyoto ii and i would look at her and
say why and she would say I think I'm
gonna be out of place and I would look
at her and say no we're not we're both
out of place equally so vamonos good
