lot recently
you've been written you've been
described as obviously a winner and man
with a great sense of humor a man who's
very respectful to his opponents yet you
haven't found your way into the hearts
of a lot of fairs one writer said that
you generate or but not love with fans
does that bother you
you know what everybody's different so I
you know obviously I'm on the court -
first of all enjoy what I do - to be Who
I am and and and to make the hard work
in all the years and my childhood pay
off and and do my job in win the win the
tennis match obviously within the
respect and dignity and you know an
honor towards the sport itself towards
the opponents and everybody else and now
if somebody likes that or not it's it's
it's completely out of my hand what I
can do is is be Who I am and of course
be respectful and and and I show a lot
of emotions sometimes I'm not proud of
the negative emotions that I've shown
the court but you know that's that's who
I am and and you know obviously
everybody's different so it's completely
up to people who to choose who their
favorite players who they want to
support
I'm obviously respecting everybody's
choice but I enjoy playing in India in
the atmospheres like US Open final this
year you know it was that's a good
example do you say to the crowd if they
were obviously supporting Roger Federer
in that particular matters that
desirably so because Roger is is
somebody that has been around for so
many years and he's arguably the best
player in the history of the game most
successful one that's for sure and he
made so much success but not only it's
not only about success about how he
cares in himself on and off the court
and and and he's very likable guy and
people respect that so of course dessert
we had majority of the support there and
I have to earn it I have to play many
more years and to show myself as
a good player and a good person and then
you know let's let's see how where it
takes me but when I'm playing Roger I
guess that's what I have to expect ready
