work and where did you cross over like
give me a give me a visual so I think
daily routine is important I think the
first thing for everybody that I follow
that everyone can read is a great book
by Gary Keller called the one thing it's
the power of focus first thing I try to
do is go okay I there's too much to do
what's the one Domino I push today that
knocks down like a hundred dominoes
because I do not want to push down one
hundred one at a time I got to hit one
huge one that's real heavy and it knocks
everyone down so I think you have to
know what your superpower is and do that
80 percent of the day I think as a Sikh
I used to believe in you know test
management systems and Excel
spreadsheets and you prioritize and you
flip it in every 15 minutes you do a new
thing and you do there's a thing you
know there's all these different tools
that people put forward to be productive
and successful but I started studying
people I'm like what does Warren Buffett
do this guy owns a hundred of the
largest brands in the world from Amex
Bank of America you know I'm going what
is this guy Geico what is he doing and
he says simple I spent eight hours a day
reading invest about investment deals
800 pages today that's it because you
want to see my his a little day planner
he loves to show it he's like 88 he goes
I wanna see my day planner what I have
scheduled this month he just laughs cuz
there's nothing for eight months on
there so I think the first thing is read
that book by Gary Keller the second
thing if I was advising myself the
second thing is less is more do not
confuse Flurry's aback
with accomplishment activity and
accomplishment both start with an A but
they are unrelated I have friends that
just oh my god I in fact I've found the
poor my friend is the if I'm like hey
can you come help me move I got a move
so I dude I'm just so busy I'm like
you've been in pull unemployed for six
months you have nothing you're lying
you have Game of Thrones to watch it
whatever but the reason ice its
causation correlation I'm like wait a
second I think the reason they're in
what they're in no one ever taught them
how to be productive and so they keep
them so busy with flurries of activity
but none of it moves the needle on life
and life you got only four things I
think I call them the four pillars of
the good life health wealth love
happiness physical health so what I do
this is my third point of being
productive I just think those are in
order so I try to do workout first
health you know I've gotten to know on a
Schwarzenegger a little bit not super
well but I was in his kitchen it was
like a 45-minute talk with them and I
went to Australia a couple months ago
give a talk with him and I asked him
this and he goes I wake up at 4:00 in
the morning time I read for one hour
5:00 in the morning I ride my bike to
the gym by 7:00 I've read an hour and
I've got you know I've got a two hour
workout in and eating breakfast
that's a productive guy by 7:00 in the
morning and so you do your health first
then wealth is usually people's career I
like to do it in the day then health
wealth love to me love is friends family
romance those three parts component
level so at night I pretty much do
something social every night and then I
say if you do the first three pillars
happiness comes automatically you got to
balance those first three so do them in
that order I meet people that spend all
day socializing with friends and they
you know entrepreneurs they put off
their work or IP people who put health
it and they lift weights oh I'm gonna
get it in before I go to bed no do it
first that's the order if you don't have
health you won't care about wealth love
or happiness because you'll be in pain
