cost right people get it okay but he
said but no one implements it so when
you're reading a book and you're 350
pages 350 pages in and you realize it's
garbage but there might be a little bit
of nuggets in the last hundred 50 but
the last hundred fifty three hours are
reading
you've reached the marginal like that it
you're not a constituent and the real
cost is not those two hours reading that
it's what else could you be reading
there's over depending on who you ask
there's 50 million books been published
something like that more you're not
gonna finish them in your lifetime so
what you have to do is narrow it down I
actually have a free little thing I
don't make any money on it but ty Lopez
comm slash books I listed a hundred
books I think everybody should read and
I think you're better off in life taking
that top hundred and reading it over and
over because really good books Selfish
Gene by Richard Dawkins the one thing by
Gary Keller these books Contiki is a
great story like autobiography
if you read those books and you come
back once every two years and really
they have a whole new meaning for you
when you reread them so I ever taken the
approach of trying to read you know
everything people definitely don't read
what most people recommend you
definitely don't read what's at the
front of Barnes Noble Barnes and Nobles
always because they're pushing something
they're pushing whatever is painted put
stuff on they pay to put in the front
yeah you know if you're playing poker
and after 30 minutes you can't figure
out who the sucker in the room is you're
the sucker they put you there to make
