obviously a major area of being able to
find the right guy to teach you I think
yeah well I would say this is my simple
answer
talk to ten people with potential one
will say yes and that's where most
people mess up they go I know this
perfect person they go talk to one
person I'm like they're busy talk to ten
you'll get one if you want to mentors
talk to
you'll find - and your mentors will
change in the president United States I
think cabinet is 15
you need a handful a mistake is also
finding one mentor because then it
becomes cult-like you know you don't
want the cult like you wanted a a
cabinet around you of wise advisers and
an old proverb is make war with the
multitude of counselors and that's kind
of been my approach and so the other day
I was working on this real estate deal
as a mobile home park I was thinking of
buying I actually grew up in a mobile
home my teenage years and I was like
maybe I should buy a mobile home park
just to be like the true American
rags-to-riches like I lived in it and
then I ended up owning it but I have a
mentor who made one over a billion
dollars in that space in real estate and
I was gonna buy this place was in
Indiana flew out there and I was like
let me I was at veggie grill by Trader
Joe's on suds and I called him up and
then Richard I was at Richard should I
get this place and he goes I'm really
busy I don't have time to talk second in
just 30 seconds he goes okay I tell me
the deal details told him the high-level
details he got so into the subject it
was a one hour on the phone and he just
laid out exactly what to look for what
not to look for and I was thinking this
guy's 70 years old he just gave me
accumulated knowledge of 50 years
I just saved 50 years in one hour that's
a mentor so in a second I want to ask
