times where I felt like I want to run
around make it like a werewolf so I love
Deadpool and this like it's a picture on
the cover of a comic I saw on time and
for whatever reason I just thought that
looks cool I only put down my body I've
always wanted Deadpool he's funny he's
effeminate he's he's a badass also heals
fast which I do as well there's an
iconic photo of me dancing and someone
caught that photo with it and it just
looked exactly like my tattoo so weird
how life can imitate art and it's on my
body given before I knew it I wasn't
planning it what's so cool a lot of my
tattoos don't really have meanings they
just they look cool within the meaning
kind of makes itself known to me later
on after I get them this means this and
this and that's cool this is art this is
like what you want it to be but for me
I'm crazy I like to do things my way so
I might get something and then like the
meaning will come to me later on like
that's why I got it Calvin and Hobbes
