on is that where everything changes
because you do I mean I would imagine
the moment you actually make contact
with something that's extraterrestrial
whether it's an object or a being
something where you can actually
absolutely be certain it's not from here
your whole paradigm the whole world you
live in is now a different place well
this is the only time it became exciting
you know the rest of the time though it
was really an an ominous feeling being
at work but it at that time it was
exciting I mean this was now I knew we
were on the absolute beyond actually
beyond the cutting edge of science and I
was I was so absolutely excited to be
there every single time I was you know
it with this was a fantastic opportunity
and however in in short order it began
to concern me we really have no idea
what we're talking about and the
excitement kind of turned to dread at
some point because the amount of power
we're dealing with is astronomical
I mean to affect gravity to produce the
effects like this equipment does takes
huge amounts of power and I've given the
example before of you know taking a
small portable nuclear reactor and you
know putting it back into Victorian
times you know with the scientists at
the time and just dropping it in a room
and they come and look at it and see
that it's producing power and wonder how
it works so they start taking it apart
and as soon as they get some of the
shielding off the people are going to
drop dead because of the radiation
inside now the people have no idea that
it radiation even exists back then but
anybody that comes in to check on them
will also drop dead and you know there's
no reason that that exact scenario
couldn't happen with what we're dealing
with we have no idea
how the physics operate within this
thing the power levels are art like I
said astronomic like it's incredibly
dangerous to tinker with something like
that and you know in some respects we
were guinea pigs just try to find out
how to make this thing so they had a
