to the touch so um you know I would lean
more towards a metal you're not allowed
to ask questions no the only way work on
the buddy system so I can only exchange
ideas and talk to Barry now this really
interferes with science because science
is based on free discussion and ideally
you get a bunch of guys together
exchange ideas work on problems and
that's how things move forward but
they're so over-the-top concerned about
security they split everything off and
everybody becomes stagnant it it it
destroys any of the progress you can
make or at least makes it go so slow
they I think they wind up shooting
themselves in the foot which is probably
why they arrived at this bottleneck that
they need to get this madman with a
jet-powered Honda come in and see what
he could do I think that was an act of
desperation I think they wanted someone
that's thinks out of the box and let's
just give this guy a try here because
they weren't and they might have done
this four more times since you know up
to the point in time today assuming
they're still working on this thing and
