so they weren't doing any covert stuff
they you know with any Q clearance tour
which is civilian top secret clearance
or military top secret clearance they go
talk to friends and you know play places
you've been make sure you're not
connected to foreign countries but you
know monitoring your phone is nothing
unusual
however they insisted that you know you
don't even talk to your loved one to
your partner to your wife whatever about
what's going on so she was essentially
in the dark and didn't know the phone
was being monitored well part of the
security clearance is that not only do
you not have any connections to foreign
countries and are in a maniac but you
have to have a stable home life - well
she started having an affair with a
flight instructor now they were
monitoring this on the phone and they
knew it and I didn't so they stopped me
coming in and their attitude at the time
was we need to see how this is going to
play out
and if Lazar is gonna get a little weird
or anything so let's just you know hold
him off from coming in and you
see what happens and they explain this
to you what was happening well after the
fact yeah cuz time kind of went on and
there were guys that were following me
around and I started getting a little
concerned going well shitter they booted
me out of the project and if so they're
not just gonna let me hang out at home
and go get a new job knowing what I know
so as time went on I started getting a
little concerned and I took my closest
friends and just kind of got together I
said hey remember that job I told you
about this is what's going on and like
you don't need to take my word for it
Wednesday night we need to all go out
here I want to show you what's going on
so I took everybody and we went out to
remember since I had the test flight
scheduled and went outside the base out
into the desert and so everybody could
see you know one of the high performance
tests and you know it left quite an
imprint on everybody so they knew I
wasn't and there's videos of these tests
right yeah but remember this isn't that
it's in in the dark in the 80s of the
big monster sized camcorder and you got
you know a bright light jumping around
but yeah I mean we did video of a but
there's no by today's standards it's but
it's your video specifically available
the video that you took
yeah well George Knapp has it it's is it
an argument now do you I have no idea
Jeremy yeah show clips of it in my film
it's it's online and someone did a deep
analysis of it it was interesting to
take a look at how well this microphone
up to face about a fish from your face
right you know to see how his video
looks now but as far as video evidence I
mean we are talking 80s camp words the
most important thing is the human story
here everybody that he took up there on
three separate occasions they don't all
like each other they don't all talk they
all agree on one thing they saw
something that night at the exact point
in time and space that Bob Lazar said
and remember this is 1715 seventy miles
south of area 51 no one even knew really
about area 51 we're talking Papoose Lake
and they all agree they saw something
that night they had never seen before
and they've
ever seen sense right when he said it so
that's one of like the six things where
I'm like how did he know you can dismiss
him I dismiss it but some things we
can't get around and and there's about
five or six of them how did he know
about if Jamie wants to find that video
right now what would you look under Bob
Lazar UFO s for area 51 just kind of
like that so it's like this s for UFO
video bob lazar and god does an analysis
but you're analyzing these 80's videos
he from the very beginning Bob never
said I have proof of my store and I'm
going to tell the world he said at the
very beginning I cannot prove my story
that's not why I'm telling this George
Knapp convinced him to tell people and
he lived to it and I I didn't believe it
either until I talked with George okay
so you you filmed these this test flight
one test flight and then you get caught
actually it was I think the third time
because we went out there the first time
mmm
everybody saw it everybody was amazed
because it did some radical maneuvers
and you know everybody had a lot to say
but new vers that i've seen i've seen
the video it doesn't I don't think
there's something we have now that does
that know in terms of like a human
piloted craft I mean I don't know
obviously with the governor it's
impossible nothing can move like that
and remember we didn't start filming
from the very beginning you know at the
core we were waiting for something you
know to happen the craft took off and I
came flying at a stopped you know turned
it or I angle flew back and then you
know after did some you know amazing
stuff to get the camera and then we
started filming so it doesn't have all
of it on there just has some the way I
describe it to my friends and they said
what is I said take a laser pointer and
then have a wall and then move it around
the wall like you know how it moves
around the wall it doesn't seem like it
has anything to do with inertia or
physics or it's not an impeded in any
way by the atmosphere yeah that's what
it looked at you're essentially
separated from reality as crazy as that
sounds with being in in case its own
gravitational envelope inertia is not
going to affect it and you know this is
this is how some of those recent
sightings would commander David flavor
I'm sure you've heard of this exact you
a UFO I mean he describes exactly that
the thing operates exactly the way I was
describing that's why he was interested
to talk to me but we saw this and you
know on the way home it's like way we
got away with it we should try it again
the next test flight day so this became
a thing to do and I think it was on the
third time that we got caught I mean we
started becoming a little careless I
think we took a Motorhome out there you
know I mean it was like the stupidest
thing you could possibly tell Gaytan
yeah it was ridiculous and again you're
in your 20s yeah and you know what was
funny was we went out there and my
friend Jean Huff and I were leaning on
the front of a vehicle and just for some
reason we just started talking jet like
well I hope they realized that I don't
remember what we were saying but you
know that it's something about attacking
the base or something along those lines
and stealing the craft or something like
that so I'm crazy and then about 20 feet
in front of us we see a little green
light fall on the ground and roll to us
and unbeknownst to us now it's pitch
black you can't see your hand in front
of your face there are a bunch of guards
standing right out there and they had a
night-vision scope where they were like
from here to the wall looking at us
listening to us and the guy dropped it
and the scope rolled over to us and you
could see the green screen we turned the
lights on and all these guys are there
so it was whoa yeah yeah so we did
incredibly stupid stuff and got caught
as we should have because so when they
catch you and they bring you in then
what happens well I went in for
debriefing the following day I went to
Indian Springs Air Force Base which is
kind of a defunct base that they used to
use at the nuclear test site and this is
when they brought out the transcript of
the phone call with my wife
and you know they sat me down and we
said you know when we meant to keep the
secret we meant you can't tell your
friends right you know and it just being
sarcastic and trying to mmm and then
they got real serious but this is where
they you know took the transcript out
and we're reading me what my wife and
you know our friend we're talking about
and it was our dime so what happens from
