that it would it became it's like if
they can't get the person that's
involved they just create a problem for
everybody that surrounds them
and so I mean the way it turns out it
hurt a lot of people's lives that I was
connected to and that's an effective way
of shutting someone up so you feel that
by coming forward and going public that
couldn't just snuff you out that was I
mean that's what I was told and George
and everybody you know said that you
care no it's you know since it's public
there's you know no one will touch you
and I you know I I fell for it and I
wish you didn't yeah sometimes sometimes
when it's just over stress and people
camp it on your lawn yeah but it's this
is gonna make things worse doing this no
does not make things better tell them
how is this gonna make things better
because you're getting a real chance to
explain yourself in a way that's going
to make people who are not only work in
the government people that are police
officers and firefighters and first
responders and doctors and scientists
