because you're like obsessed with this
thing that you could recognize a focus
on that because it was the one thing
that I understood how it worked what was
it and it was it was the access to the
level below and it was well you know if
you take yep a six-pack of beer and you
take out the cardboard dividers mm-hmm
set it on the table you can put a lot of
pressure on the top but if you push it
from the sides it collapses flat mmm so
it was something like that in a
honeycomb shape
that was essentially some sort of sheet
metal and you could walk on that an
upper layer but if you took the corner
stuck your finger in and pushed it
collapsed and made a an entryway hmm so
I thought that was a really unique I had
never seen that before and it was the
only thing in the crap that made
absolute sense to me as it ah we can
make that and all that is as a hatchway
was there any discussion about the
