say Bob just don't come forward no don't
come forward - Bob why why were you
freaking nauseous at the beginning of
this like so upset why was your why'd
you have a migraine because that started
off so hard my god us in here like did
this why are you asking him why because
obvious anxiety the guy's gone to 30
fucking years of being persecuted his
birth certificate I want to hear him say
I want them by you guys to say that you
did it I stepped out settle down yeah
well I get it your is hard for you to
get him here you know us yeah well what
really annoys me are the people that
sing you know you guys just came up with
the story to make a bunch of money or
get a bunch of you know attention and
that's a good point so please explain
that any money out of this at all and
I'm a I didn't even let you guys buy
plane tickets for me to come out here or
anything I mean any time like when
Jeremy pre previewed I guess the movie
up in Michigan I mean they it brought in
like a couple thousand dollars I made
sure that two thousand dollars went to
science programs at the local high
schools their dirty money I don't want
to touch it I don't take any money from
this stuff and as far as attention I
hate fucking attention I don't like
being on shows I just want to kind of
hide in the corner and do my own thing
so that's I got enough hugs when I was a
kid okay I don't need any attention so
now the if if you if you think somehow
we came up with this thing then you got
to tell me why we did it well you've
