day where George wants to put her on the
five o'clock news he said this is
important stuff people have to know
about it and I thought it was too I said
it's kind of a crime I know you got to
keep the technology secret but you can't
not tell everybody that this stuff is
going on that we have you know actual
hardware from another civilization it's
a big fucking deal you know probably the
biggest one there ever was and George
said you know today's the day we got to
put it on the news or something to that
effect and when it came right down to
the time to air it I changed my mind and
I said we're not doing it and that's
what turned into the famous wrestling
match between me and George trying to
get the tape but he won because he was a
bigger guy so you're actually physically
wrestled well I think it was more of a
pulling match we were I don't think we
ever hit the ground but he got the tape
put it in the player and boom five
o'clock news was on and then I got a
call after that and they said it was
from Dennis he said you have any idea
what we're gonna do to you now and he
hung up the phone that was the last
communication I had with him and what
