I think it I don't
member from being there but after all
the stuff was over I had John Andrews a
guy from the testers model corporation
and you know we sat down and tried to
figure out from what I saw and known
sizes of things and we came up with 52
feet in diameter I think that's always
small yeah so I think that's a fair
reasonable guess now you said there's
nine of them and you got a brief glimpse
at the other ones were they how were
they different Oh
they looked completely different one
looked like I called a jello mold and it
it looked like a classic jello mold with
the rippled sides do it one was a very
flat disc you know like oh I don't like
a straw hat or something like that that
was sitting up on its edge and the thin
part of it had looked like a projectile
had been fired through the edge of it so
I don't know if they were attempting to
see if the metal could be penetrated or
if something or if that's where the
thing came from maybe it was shot down
but that was the only one where I saw
there was you know actual physical
damage to it and that one was roughly
