to gather as much information as
possible find out how it operates and
see if we can duplicate it so but they
notice relays you where it was from they
never let you ask questions about where
it's from well if the information I read
in the briefings was accurate now what I
do have to say is the information that
pertained directly to the reactor was
accurate what I read did I mean did jive
with reality in terms of how in terms of
how it was made how what we saw how it
operated the materials how it you know
turned on and what was discovered
discovered about it I'm sorry the
migraine is really making it hard for me
to thank you sorry no we we talked that
before the podcast you tell everybody
Bob
getting a migraine I know you're very
stressed out by this is just one of the
reasons why I appreciate you doing this
where was I already we're talking right
the plaintiff and so there was some
paperwork that indicated that this was
from the Zeta Reticuli star system now
yeah now how they obtained that I
haven't I haven't the slightest idea but
it wasn't just from the Zeta Reticuli
star system it was what they called zr3
so it was a third planet in that star
system so there was no other information
about it other than that supposedly
where the craft came from now was that
true I don't know I have no way of
verifying that but that was printed in
the same materials that referenced the
reactor now I looked that stuff up when
I went home and Zeta Reticuli is a
binary star two stars that orbit orbit
one another and it's only visible in the
southern hemisphere and it's about
thirty some-odd light-years away
so that's literally all the information
I have about that I don't know how they
found out it came from there and you
also probably have some suspicions that
they give you some disinformation like
you were talking about before yeah yeah
I mean if you ever decided to talk about
this they added a bunch of nonsense to
make whatever is factual look ridiculous
right or be able to trace it down like
okay this fax came out and you know this
Lazar guy said okay you know came from
Zeta Reticuli so they knew it was when
he read Isaiah reticulate we like what
in the fuck is this well reading all of
the stuff it was what kind of fuck is
this you like why did I sign up for this
no no I would dit to me this was cool
this was interesting I said I was just
excited to be out in a secure area you
know in the middle of the desert is
awesome how old are you I get as in my
20s yeah so you probably totally geeked
out oh yeah it's that this was this was
great I mean I was excited so I didn't
care I'm reading through everything and
