there's you know no one will touch you
and I you know I I fell for it and I
wish you didn't yeah sometimes sometimes
when it's just over stress and people
camp it on your lawn yeah but it's this
is gonna make things worse doing this no
does not make things better tell them
how is this gonna make things better
because you're getting a real chance to
explain yourself in a way that's going
to make people who are not only work in
the government people that are police
officers and firefighters and first
responders and doctors and scientists
they're going to emphasize emphasize
empathize and and empathize with what it
must be like to be a person like you in
your 20s who gets thrust into this world
unknowingly and confronted with one of
the most if not the most important
discovery in the history of human beings
the big question are we alone it's the
number one question there's two
questions right what happens when we die
and are we alone those are the two big
questions right and if we're not alone
and someone knows we're not alone and
these some people who know we're not
alone are these bungling sort of even if
they weren't it's a crime yet they're
not telling the rest of us but I mean I
