possibly create this effect did they
have any areas where they'd like you to
look into no they well they knew there
was a fuel source in it and they were
proficient at making it work and again
my analogy to something like this is you
can drop a motorcycle off in the wagon
train days and just leave it with the
keys parked outside you know somebody's
place everybody will come around it and
they'll poke and prod and eventually
they'll turn the key get it to start and
become proficient at writing it yeah but
they won't be able to understand what
the hell's going on they won't be able
to make the plastic fender much less
anything else and I think that's exactly
the state we were at we played around
with the parts long enough before I got
there where they could make the reactor
operate
take the fuel out and know that it makes
it work how exactly what was going on in
the reactor remained a mystery at the
time I think we made some progress on
