gracious with their words but they hate
losing I hated losing anything I would
compete with people that weren't even my
competitors just because I didn't want
them to be better than me kind of a
sicko kind of a thing and that's the
last magic quality that always
guarantees success which is I look for
someone who's needy has something to
prove someone's had hardship growing up
a dad that damned them to hell
poor student some illness they got over
something that puts claws on their hands
to survive Barbara you presentation-wise
you think presentations and porn sales
oh you want softer insecurity absolutely
I still go into any situation grossly
over prepared because I'm afraid of
failing yeah that will stay with me for
life yeah it's hard to shake off stuff
you know everybody's got that crap from
childhood something you know it's hard
to shake it off but that's my best
advocate yes you've always thought
