is the character but no but what is the
key so we don't the name names are bad
ones but what is the characteristic that
you have found common through a lot of
the failing failed ones Oh undoubtedly
the tendency to feel sorry for yourself
you know when we close on a deal on
Shark Tank we usually have a Skype call
and we start working with them try to
figure out what's working for them what
they should do more in a very you know
peripheral kind of a way and what I have
found is after shark tank is over once
they bared and they've had all this
sales and all the glamour and they are
suddenly a celebrity and you know all
these entrepreneurs people know who they
are can I have a selfie they're flying
and then something goes wrong usually
it's two to three months after they've
appeared on shark tank the inventory
didn't come out right they can't use it
okay the kitchen blew up
you name it things go wrong in
businesses it's more not a matter of
dreaming I think it's more of being able
to get past obstacles so the first big
obstacle comes up with the entrepreneur
typical pattern this is when I pay
attention before then I really haven't
made a concise judgment of the
entrepreneur because when I'm on the
phone with a Skype call with them when
the thing goes wrong I listen to their
attitude mm-hmm there's only two ways
people go one is they take it in the
chin go like crap what am I gonna do I'm
thinking of doing this bub up about
they're moving on mentally then I have
the two thirds of the entrepreneurs who
are like you know he promised me I can't
believe he did this to me I was told him
I told him I hear that tone I go right
over my wall where I have all my
entrepreneurs in my office set in a
beautiful matted frame and I turn them
upside down and hang them upside down so
I never make the mistake of putting any
more time until mmm well I have his time
I get spread more thin as every season
is added I just want to spend time with
the entrepreneurs that don't feel sorry
for them so if you were to say how many
