one shot kind of thing you gotta go for
it you know I like that be yourself you
be your best self and don't sell
yourself short mm-hmm don't sell
yourself short yeah you know life can
life can make you feel poorly about
yourself but only if you're not really
pushing hard against what you believe
yourself should be that's your best
insurance policy not to feel badly about
yourself yeah you know because my god I
had enough people my whole life telling
me I was stupid just because I couldn't
read how wrong was that how dare they
say that I mean now I'm happy I
experienced that because it gave me fuel
to get even
you know the Revenge of the nerd the
dumb person got the Ranger the dumb
person but yeah you gotta you got to get
out of life what you can I mean why
wasted so precious
anything left in your bucket list no I
