launch and so gender relations are are
having issues in that area but with
women and in sex
I think you know this is a part of our
religious history that I I feel like was
going like on the right track without
knowing necessarily the benefits for
society like from a scientific kind of
standpoint so back when I went to a
Christian school and my freshman
freshman year of school and we were told
to like have your knees together like he
had a penny in between them and and I
mean we had a lot of different weird
roles about not walking with swaying
your hips too much and always be a Bible
with Bibles with apart from the knee man
and so I think that that actually did a
lot of good for my upbringing was that
modest
kind of way in life and relationships
and so I did wait a long time until I
started having sexual relationships and
thank goodness because if I I've never
had an abortion I'm very glad I've never
had to
make that decision and I think if I did
