car crash on anybody how do they get out
I really don't know because it took me
so long with so much research and the
willingness to if if I do find out I'm
wrong to accept that so scary in it
because that was the hard part was you
could do research but it's still your
you're looking at it with with blinders
on wanting to find what supports your
current day of use but if if you're
going in really doing research with
being willing to have your mind changed
if you find evidence facts that
contradict your current beliefs what
does that take to do that
it's a scariest thing I read Carl Sagan
in 95 I think and recovering alcoholic
and I was at the bottom I was just
starting my recovery and I realized I
don't believe in God because I know God
I believe in God because somebody told
me so I'm really actually an agnostic I
took all of these things and I wouldn't
accept anything until I knew why I knew
and the scary thing is at the beginning
of that is you don't know what you're
gonna find you don't know who you're
going to be at the end of it and you're
pretty sure that there are gonna be some
things that you have to embrace that you
don't want to embrace hmm it's deep work
it's looking at the shadow side it's
you know I liken it to a very messy
closet that you've just pushed you know
everything in that you don't want to see
out and about because it stresses you
have that this mess that you just put in
a closet shut the door and then say ten
years later you're moving or something
and you got to go through this stuff you
don't necessarily want to have people
watching you look through your past and
look through all the stuff that you
haven't wanted to look at on a daily
basis because you can't get by you can't
get through the day though that's the
problem with what I went through in this
three-and-a-half year long journey of
making the red pill was you know I am a
hermit I'm introverted I have a very
small network of friends and family that
I ultimately trust to no end but I'm a
very private person and so I was able to
do that deep work and explain to my mom
or my boyfriend at the time who became
my husband that I was challenging my
views and that was really scary because
I didn't know if they were going to
accept me for changing and I think a lot
