feeling especially with tech the way
it's coming I don't even know as a human
being if I'm gonna be worth anything in
ten years
we're losing value to each other we're
losing word we're losing value to the
system we're just we people feel like
they're invisible and it's just we're
just grist for the mill I think they try
out a new thought here or never
okay all right but there's been studies
that have been done that our max of how
many people we can really have in our
life is about 100 hundred people that
you can really know as your family your
friends your loved ones but also
acquaintances in business yes yeah
colleagues so it's about a hundred
people that's about the size of my
wedding so that's you know that's those
are the people I feel like I really know
and they know me anything over a hundred
at a wedding you don't yeah they were
invited by somebody else in the family
yeah so now we have the Internet the
digital age and I probably interact with
more people online or they hear from me
or I hear from them online than people
that came to my wedding that are my
hundred closest people in my life but I
have all this out here on the internet
that I'm videos I'm watching and news
feeds and everything I think maybe
what's happening is the only way to keep
track of those
thousands hundreds of thousands of
people that are talking into your ears
throughout the day
is to label them you have to
compartmentalize groups in order to deal
with all this chatter that's going
online so I see this often in comment
forums where someone may write one or
two sentences and then the next comment
is saying oh so you're a communist or oh
so you're whatever we're wanting to
compartmentalize all these people and I
think that's where we're losing the
humanity right now at least you know AI
maybe later but right now I think we're
we're losing this human interaction and
the camaraderie that we're all in this
together that we assuming the best in
each other before if you're ever proved
otherwise so I think the labeling and
throwing out epithets at people to
humanize or dehumanize them I mean I've
been called horrible things which none
of them are true I don't even want to
repeat them because I want it to just
but I you know it's the tribalism
identifying your enemy and then
strengthening your group if you have a
common enemy and I don't see that as the
