the same country and so it's what's
changed I think there has been a power
shift and and I don't know full agree on
this or it feels from when I point of
view on this because I live in the San
Francisco area so I really am in a
bubble of you know yeah liberal thinking
for everything and in the bay area I
feel like my views are conservative
although I still probably say I'm a
liberal but I think there there's so
much of one side in one opinion and so
much silencing of anything that
critiques that mainstream view and I
think you know the tribalism has gotten
so out of control that you're not able
to raise your hand and say hey maybe
we're not doing this right with our own
tribe maybe we should look at that that
doesn't really follow with what we're
saying we're about but
I found that you're not allowed to
criticize your own tribe or you'll be
kicked out and labeled with all the
