add like this and I don't get too
excited because that is so annoying well
I thought we bonded over our mutual
dislike from Madonna I know I don't like
we've done either well she can't stand
that well what's to like I mean she's so
obnoxious
don't you think yes I do discuss this
okay why is she so nauseous well she
also her mother passed away you know so
they got hogging the harking back um she
I don't know why she's so not she's a
lot of people seem to love her so good
for them but she just seems to me my
issue with Madonna it's not that it's a
personal one cuz I've never met her and
I should state that but I just think
she's just a class a narcissist and I
have a real problem with narcissism and
people that are only looking out for
themselves is there a difference between
ego and narcissism yes well if you're
constantly you can care what people
think about you but you shouldn't only
be serving yourself we should be serving
as many people as possible but if you're
only servicing yourself service saying
yourself which I'm sure that's something
that's familiar to you you that's
narcissism when you think about yourself
before others so why don't we do this
