white olds are curious mathematical
opposites of black holes and they were
discovered mathematically in I think was
the early 1970s when black hole
mathematics was maturing you have the
idea how do you make it work you go
through the equations about a bang
here's this black hole it works it's
predicted by Einstein's relativity he
didn't predict it he didn't keep using
his own theories and equations he did
not go there because it was too extreme
for even for Einstein to reach we land
there in the early 1970s late 1960s
here's a black hole a region of space
nothing comes out ever
it's a collapsed region of space-time
and we have evidence for them in the
Centers of galaxies as endpoints of the
death of stars at the time you realize
you can take the equations that give you
a black hole and you realize it turns
out there's another solution to those
equations it's not that complicated to
imagine if I have if I say if I take the
number-9 and I ask you what's the square
root of 9 what would you tell me you'd
say 3 3 times 3 is 9 so 3 squared is 9
square root of 9 is 3 so we got that ok
so the answer to the question what is
the square root of 9 is 3 however I now
ask you what is negative 3 times
negative 3 it's also 9 so in fact the
answer to the question what is the
square root of 9 as two solutions 3 and
negative 4
they're both legitimate solutions to
that question one is not more better
than the other the equations that give
you a black hole there's a second
solution to it it's the mathematical
opposite of the black hole where
everything only ever comes out of it
what possible other word would be picked
for this a white hole early 70s people
said are we got this
what would my hole look like is there
evidence for one in the universe so we
trained the telescopes on the universe
now not so right now white holes are are
in the repository of science fiction
ideas that you might want to do
something with or not but there's no
evidence for them as being real objects
in our known universe
