guy some of you do something
the Jack Welch author of Jack and
winning alongside his with his wife Suzy
they're coming through Los Angeles a
couple of years ago they're there
they're hustling their book the
real-life MBA I go to the book signing
Jack Walsh is that I wanted to come
speak the negotiation course I'm
teaching at the time at USC how many
people try to get Jack Woltz to say yes
to something at that book signing
pretty much everyone I'm right there
gonna come up there Jack how are you
yeah my kid makes my wife makes a great
meatloaf you wanna come to the house
tonight
god knows what they're gonna ask Jack I
got this invention would you pose with
it how many people are gonna ask him to
try to say yes that day that week how
many people try to get Jack Walsh to say
yes or something you're me you come up
to Jack Welch what do you say and how
much time do you have you maybe got
seven seconds and even if you get to the
second response after him there's 300
people standing behind you in life they
walk you up there before you get to them
they say what's your name Chris write on
a piece of paper so Jack doesn't get it
wrong really that's so you know so you
don't talk to him and then you keep
moving on top of that have they patted
me down
do they know whether or not I've got a
gun if I've been through a metal
detector as a matter of fact I do have a
gun but he's not in trouble for me
they don't have my identification they
don't know I'm not gonna hurt him I'm
gonna get within arm's length of Jack
Welch action is quicker than reaction
they can't stop me from doing anything I
want to do this is this is the dilemma
of bodyguards you get within arm's
length as a target you can only stop
them after they've done you can grab
them after they've killed your target
