wake up he's gonna wake up screaming the
middle a nighttime I walk up to Jack
Walsh and this is what I say to him is
it a ridiculous idea for you to come and
speak the negotiation course that I
teach at USC he looks up until the left
Jesus
they just freezes I think to myself I
just killed Jack watch he had a stroke
he's so furious and he's gonna die and
the Security's gonna attack on me anger
dragged me on cuffs I would say but I'm
an FBI agent
we don't carry kill Jack Welch so
initially when he doesn't die I'm
relieved but he still doesn't move fine
freezes he looks at Minnie says it's my
personal assistants name this is special
Twitter account we have set up to
communicate with her I will call her and
tell her who you are and what you want I
think we're gonna be in Los Angeles in a
fall if we are we'll come in and speak
of your class calibrated know is worth
at least five yeses no joke
