always been you know making sure that
that I'm just handling it well would it
be fair to call you sober now are you
sober no no no I still drink okay yeah
so too much smoke pot to every once in a
while okay yeah are you at a good place
yeah yeah yeah I'm at a very healthy
place yeah well I mean I don't know I
who knows like you tell your coaches
about this my coaches know I drink yeah
do that I'm done wanna high being not
not like not like a crazy crazy amount
you know some weekends mainly on the
weekends you know like you want to be
sober is that not um you know it was
something that I was something I was
striving for especially going to rehab
this summer you know I was striving for
complete sobriety yeah but it wasn't I'm
not ready for it's not it's not who I
was and not Hawaii I'm kind of him in my
life and in my career and I'm at a place
where I could be honest with myself but
being in there
I've definitely matured me a lot you
know talking about why people drink and
things like that and what I learned area
was a lot of times alcoholism or even
person who smokes every day a lot of
times it's directly related to trauma
smell the trauma or just trauma in
general and people you know don't
realize while they're doing certain
things you know it's not it's not normal
to drink every weekend or smoke every
day a lot of time you're masking a lot
of times you're masking something and
that's what I learned so I learned that
I was masking things I learned to
identify some of the things that I was
masking and then just look at it
honestly
