yeah it's so hard to get you but you're
actually here yeah we're doing it man
you're doing the whole media tour today
yeah all day and can I ask you I was on
the air what's going on earlier tape
with some drama with our counterparts
first take I saw you tweet about them no
they're great there's lots of questions
I have pulling punches soon I'll go lay
the smackdown of course I like that
you're back ha ha who was pissing off
more Kellerman or a Stephen a ah
Kellerman really yeah but he didn't
really piss me off
he just spicy questions okay baby you
know your stuff I wasn't really wanting
to get into but things that I'm aware
that sometimes isn't necessary to get
into so it's just what it is it's all
good though
yeah it's but I probably shouldn't we
did it all right well I made it a bigger
deal than what you didn't know although
