hard I mean no one said it's supposed to
be easy
right when we spoke earlier this year
you told me that you checked into a
rehab yeah yeah I did because of
everything that's going on plus to deal
with your mom's passing yeah yeah when
you're there's more like a traumas and
it was trauma in rehab okay was that a
hard thing to you know you have an ego
right yeah to go in people know who you
are yeah did you feel like that was a
blow to your ego how like how are you
dealing with that it wasn't a blow to my
ego I went to a place called the guest
house Ocala and Ocala Florida people
consider one of the best trauma therapy
centers in the country there's other
celebrities there and stuff like that
and so it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't a
blow to my ego because I knew that I
wasn't alone with talking about sadness
talking about talking about addiction
talking about trauma childhood trauma
and things like that dealt trauma and it
was great man it was it was exactly what
I needed and I I've had a lot of things
go on throughout my life a lot of good
and a lot of bad and I've never talked
about any of it
to anybody on a professional level and
it was good I did a lot of crime and be
honest with you almost thirty days of
crying Wow yeah crying and praying and
talking about just life and man I used
to think psychiatrists and counselors
were for the weak and I realized that
it's very everybody
you I also realized that depression is
for everybody you know being a guy who's
a undefeated you know multi-millionaire
I think I'm a good-looking guy alright I
thought that I could never be the
perfect I'm a person that was severely
sad and depressed and and this summer I
truly was severely excited depressed so
I got to learn a lot about the whole
thing about depression about trauma
about addiction and and I feel I felt
tremendous I felt a weight lifted off my
shoulders and I actually think it's
gonna be something that I do every
summer Oh
every summer I think I want to spend 30
to 60 days with a just regrouping now
