don't have enough thank-yous that's how
that experience was you know I'm gonna
share this with you Frank because I
don't know if I'm the first black woman
because Marsha Warfield is in Las Vegas
and she doesn't show on Sunday and I
don't know if that's considered a
residency but she's been mayor far
longer than I have so I want to make
sure I'm not taking credit for something
that doesn't belong to me
so I'll just say this I'm grateful to be
one of the first black women to have a
residency in Vegas and for all the black
women they kicked those doors open for
me to be able to stand on that stage I'm
grateful for them and Marsha Warfield
was one of them and BFO doll is one of
them and a sister named Sylvia traymor
Morrison then most of us know nothing
about but she was the first black woman
to write for Saturday Night Live now
what they made her was an associate
writer
which means we don't have to put you in
the contract and we don't have to pay
you but nonetheless she was the first
black woman to do it and oftentimes we
get hidden in history and you don't know
about us that's why I want to make sure
I'm not taking something that doesn't
belong to me so I'll say to Marsha
Warfield it's an honor to share that
Reyna with you to be one of the first
black women to be in Las Vegas and have
our residency so Marshall Warfield
sister Thank You Silvia tremo Morrison
Thank You Thea Vidale thank you
moms Mabley thank you and for the
numerous black women and I don't even
know their names which is shame on me
Thank You sisters Frank people often ask
