and stop letting the same history repeat
itself when you get a trophy
that's a group of people that says we
think that you're the best at what you
do in this moment and then that trophy
sits there and it begins to collect dust
because it's just that it's it's Sophie
it's like a bowling trophy or a baseball
trophy it's a trophy but when you have
the people that show up and they say I'm
going to spend my money to come spend
some moments with you and some of those
people spent their last money to come
spend their mommas with me some of those
people took away bill money to come
spend their moments with me trophy can't
touch that baby it doesn't compare
because again that trophy will collect
dust
but those family members are memories
that I'll take with me to the grave I'll
remember what they whisper in my ear as
they come and they hug me at the end of
the night and that meet and greet I
remember when that sister says oh my god
Monique I remember when I was too young
to listen to the queens of comedy my
mother wouldn't let me listen but then
she came here tonight with her mother as
her gift to her mother for Mother's Day
so a trophy can't
it can't compare to that so I never ever
want to trick myself because when I go
home I don't look at the fucking
trophies I'm telling y'all the truth I
don't walk past the cabinet and say oh I
don't but when I go home I say daddy let
me tell you about who I meant tonight
let me tell you about miss Christine who
was at this show with her daughter
tender now who the fuck names the
channel tender I don't know but I met
Miss Christine and Miss Christine was in
her 70s and she put two thumbs up when
she was talking about dick sucking who
got that the trophy can't do that baby
that's why it doesn't compare I think I
