nation or the society yes and rapidly
like I I mean I think I was thinking the
other day some journalists asked me why
the audience why people are responding
so positively to what I'm saying the
young men for example and I thought yeah
that's a good question so it's well I'm
actually on their side I'm pretty happy
that I'm really happy that they're not
wasting their lives I'm really sad to
see that people are disenchanted and
nihilistic and depressed and anxious and
aimless and and perverse and vengeful
and and all of those things it's
terrible and then to see people question
whether that's necessary and then to
start to rise out of it it's like it's
so fun like last night I was at after my
talk it's overwhelming
I don't usually think about these things
but I was I was after my talk last night
and so all these people line up and you
know they have their 15 15 seconds with
me and they're kind of tentative they're
excited and a tentative when they come
up to talk to me and then they have you
know 15 seconds of time to tell me
something I'm really listening to them
and they're hesitant about whether or
not to share the good news about their
life you know and I think it's often
because when people share good news
about their life people don't
necessarily respond positively you know
they don't get encouragement and people
need so little encouragement it's just
unbelievable and so there comes
something good and I'm like ah that's so
good you know if somebody says how I'm
getting along way better with my father
I haven't seen
for ten years and now we get along great
and that the power of that you can't
overstate the power of that for
individuals to get their life together
the individual is an unbelievably
powerful force and every single person
who gets their act together a little bit
has the capacity to spread that around
them it's it's a chain reaction and so
it's a lovely thing to see and that's
