I'm Gretchen Rubin and this is the
happiness project the pigeon of
discontent for this week is the mail
center in my kitchen I haven't found a
way to organize it yet it's a mess well
I want to show off my mail center in my
kitchen because I love it in here each
in its own compartment I have bills and
letters my checkbook envelopes stamps a
return address stamp staples a tape
measure packing tape scotch tape
screwdrivers the cards that we used to
get into museums rubber bands everything
we need is right here you might think
it's harder to keep everything in a very
specific place but counter-intuitively I
found that if you know exactly where
everything goes it's easier to put
things away and it's certainly much
easier to find them and I also find that
although I have to guard my special
drawer from the rest of my family they
are pretty good at putting things back
because they know exactly where
everything belongs and if they see it
out it's very obvious where it's
supposed to go because the paper clips
are always right here so it's worth the
effort to get it all organized and then
it's also more fun to use it because
everything is so perfectly arranged so
the resolution for this week is take the
time to organize your mail drawer
