do much with this arm at this point I'm
not got I got it high up in here okay so
now I take his other arm I do the same
thing to this arm okay now he can also
ran around me
this is a little bit of risk here all
right I'm going to do this swiftly and
with purpose but notice we are facing
one another and when I do this I do it
in a way so as I start spinning with him
so that he's off balance so even if he
tries to do something and do something
with me he's got to worry about he's on
his way down because I'm dragging so it
usually takes like a couple of spins and
then then you know he'll do it up here
because I want to squash him maybe this
is the bottom of the man finally an end
up to the mat I am pressing down and
then he goes down it's a double time
watch because we're facing each other
and we're spinning so I don't turn him
