so I was just visiting about this topic
with my kids and I thought you and I
ought to visit about it too because it
applies so deeply to business and that's
the concept of belief and how that
impacts our performance in everything in
our lives and what do you think about
belief for a second see if you're a good
person and that's really where this
applies is to good people but good
people will only let themselves and
almost any endeavor any activity good
people only take from it that which they
believe they deserve now bad person
they'll always take more than they
deserve because that's what people
without character do but good people and
I hope you consider yourself a good
person they'll only take from something
that's they think they deserve gonna
give an example let's say there was a
pizza here we are gonna serve there's 12
people here there's 12 slices of pizza
well you know how you react and any good
person they either wait for everybody
else to get their piece or they'd only
take one slice because they know that
the other people there only would have
one left for them bad person they just
take anytime they want to
wouldn't they so a good person will only
take from any scenario about which they
think they deserve that's a good thing
it's also a bad thing because ultimately
when it comes down to in business is
really this when it comes to your
business life or becoming a fluent
saving money getting financially
independent you'll only take from your
life and from your business that which
you think you deserve and so really
almost more important than strategy is
an internal identity it's an internal
belief that says I deserve this I
deserve to be happy I deserve to have
this dream come true I deserve to be
financially independent I deserve to be
in the top ten in my business I deserve
to be number one or my team deserves to
my family deserves two and once you
believe you deserve something then
you've at least opened the door to walk
into the room of success but prior to
believing you deserve it
you can do all the work all the calls
all the mechanics that the other people
do but if you don't believe you deserve
it you're never going to even walk into
the room and sit at the table to have a
chance to get your piece the chair at
the table the space at the table is only
reserved for those who believe they
deserve to be sitting there and so hard
