what are you doing now wakie I'm no
Vanderbilt but this train makes hay
before we launch the video we were just
doing some small proof-of-concept stuff
we got about a thousand members really
doing no marketing and when we launched
the video on March 6 2012 I mean
literally within the span of 30 minutes
we started getting tens of thousands of
orders for a company that had you know
been fulfilling you know two or three
orders a day and it's beta phase it
crashed our servers when we just weren't
ready for that we had to learn very
quickly how to meet this scale and you
know we knew we would only get one shot
at it
I mean we had all sorts of homegrown
solutions like sticking post-it notes on
huge rolls of labels so that we knew
that those labels actually got put on
packages and went out we didn't have a
logistics expert on our team at that
point you have to figure it out on your
own I think good companies that last are
really good at figuring out on the fly
how the fix problems and deal with the
unexpected raising capital is required
for any business that wants to scale
quickly it's not necessarily right for
every business but for our business it
was required you want to try to find
investors that can help you in some way
beyond just writing you a check and the
types of investors that we saw out were
folks with big operational networks to
help bring talent to us also that had
seen a lot in the e-commerce space and
that could help us maybe avoid some
pitfalls they had seen others fall into
there's always going to be people that
tell you your idea isn't good or that
tell you a million reasons why it's
going to fail and the most successful
entrepreneurs Jeff Bezos and Howard
Schultz or Richard Branson these guys
were all told that they were crazy at
some point by someone too but ultimately
you will get somebody that does believe
in your idea that does believe in you
and yeah that's incredibly rewarding and
then very quickly you pat yourself on
the back you get about fifteen minutes
to enjoy the moment and then you have to
move on and figure out how I'm gonna
build this business and do everything I
just told these guys I'm gonna do stop
