LA startup to go out into the world and
do that a year ago why why how did you
know it was the right time to sell was
it the money are you addicted to yes I
mean what was what was your thinking no
I might be addicted to yes think about
that so like I said I my job as CEO is
to look at the company every you know
quarter and definitely a few times a
year and say what is the thing that we
need to be successful in the next you
know three six twelve eighteen months
five years and at that exact moment what
I needed was I needed partnership in a
few different ways what one one thing
that Unilever brought to the table is
global grooming research and experience
and expertise I don't come from a
personal grooming background
we definitely have experts on our team
that are that are wonderful but we have
global ambitions and Unilever is a
global personal care company and they
you know if I want to know what kind of
you know oil people are using in their
hair
in India I can pick up the phone and I
have access to that information whereas
that information would cost cost Dollar
Shave Club a lot of money if we were to
do it try to figure that out ourselves
so research and expertise in in in our
sector was key we hadn't had any of that
on our board of directors
prior to the acquisition we had very
talented business operators and
investors on our board but nobody in
sort of personal care and grooming so
that was one and the other one was
financial backing so every year we raise
money we'd raised money every year for
five years starting in 2011 and that's a
huge distraction it would take three
months of the year and it's an it's
incredibly taxing on you and the team
it's like running for office it sounds
like and everything it's a good parallel
you know everything grinds to a halt for
three months or six months if you're not
having success and that's that's really
difficult and so so what we found in in
