Unilever stock the whole thing just stay
stay I love biggest mistake you've made
the biggest mistake the biggest mistake
that I've made I don't know you make
make mistakes every day and sometimes
those mistakes add up I think maybe one
of the mistakes
one one thing that you have to do is in
entrepreneur I want frame this
necessarily it's a mistake and that's
not because I haven't made them because
I've made dozens hundreds but one thing
that you have to do constantly as a CEO
is you have to look at what your company
needs at that exact moment talent wise
and resource wise to be successful and
not get blinded necessarily and you can
be blinded by you know working with
people that you like and keeping them
happy and sometimes you have to do
things that don't necessarily make
people happy and that's that's you know
that's hard too when you develop a
muscle for it I think but you don't ever
want to you know make people unhappy
that have been very helpful to you and
on the journey
and I'm being sort of intentionally
vague but I think you know making those
tough decisions making tough decisions
about people you care about that have
been instrumental in your success and
I'm not talking about I'm not talking
about you know letting people go or you
know or necessarily a reorganization of
the company although those things those
things are part of the journey as well
I'm talking just about little little
things you know throughout the
throughout the core Denari course of
business that you have to maybe shift
responsibility from one area to another
because there might be a better way of
handling it and you know you just it's
it's it's tricky so you would stay the
mistake is not moving sooner to make
those changes do you make those hard
decisions make people unhappy I think
that's a good way of saying it when you
