having me let's get to it because
there's a lot to cover how are you in
your apartment in 2011 thinking G races
are expensive I'm going to take on
Gillette and sell cheap razors direct to
consumers how does that even happen
I don't think that was exactly the
phraseology that that came in my mind I
think the the idea for the for the
concept you know came with the initial
frustration which I had had probably in
2008 or 2007 even when I was out of
razors and I was walking right by a
Duane Reade when I was living in New
York City and you know I just didn't
even want to go in there to get them
because I didn't want to have to deal
with the razor fortress which those that
don't know what that is it's our
affectionate term for that locked case
that's the way it is and we did a whole
campaign about it which is on YouTube
and super fun I think but it's you know
it was just that the experience was
broken and it's such an often used and
often need to be replaced you know
product and so there just had to be a
better way so I had that frustration a
long time before and then you know I had
the idea for the club when when I was at
a holiday party in 2009 I think it was
with my friend's wife's father who had
you know a few a few razors lying around
in a warehouse and I had the idea that
this this experience could be improved
