the one we had was that the last
question Sam want to give me just one
thing that keeps you up at night one
thing that keeps me up at night let's
see I think you always worry about I
think you always worry about Talent you
you know anybody that has entity has had
any success will tell you that that this
is a a the ultimate team sport and you
have to find great talent and keep great
talent
and by great not just very talented but
appropriately appropriately talented and
and that's tricky you don't you know
that again at the end of the day that's
that's people and you worry about your
people there there it sounds trite but
they are the most important part of your
organization about your sorry but your
company it's you know your customers are
hugely important but you know to serve
the customers well you need talented
people in-house and I worry a lot about
about that lifecycle michael Dubin thank
