Instagram I'm gonna follow up on that
later on my own yeah what advice do you
have for people in managing a board of
directors it's funny so I got some
really great advice from Mike Jones who
was my first board member who works at
science he was one of the founders of
science in Santa Monica and I butcher
the exact phrase that he that he used
but it was like a board meeting is like
the quarterly or bimonthly opportunity
for the board to reassess whether or not
the CEO should still have his or her job
and it was like holy and that was
like and that was in a room full of a
few entrepreneurs that that that they
had invested in early on but he was
right and that's that's what that's what
it is you know your board meetings you
know I think people get a the that it
shouldn't freak you out but board
meetings are I think a wonderful sort of
exercise I am NOT one of these people
that that has a problem with management
or having a boss I think governance is a
good thing and I think it's great
primarily for the entrepreneur more so
than the board of directors or the
investors because when you have to
prepare for a board meeting you have to
look at your business in a unique way
then you look at it every day you have
to step back and you have to
explain your business to people who
aren't looking at your business every
single day which means you have to look
at it fundamentally differently and so
the way you package up your business for
a board meeting and the way you look at
it differently because you look at it
differently you're gaining insights that
you otherwise wouldn't because you're
digging deeper for data and you're
drawing conclusions and so you always
come out of that board meeting with with
with like wonderful insights and some
great next steps for yourself and for
your management team and I think that
when you can produce that so you know
over prepare for your board meetings
because it is true they are judging you
and at the end of the meeting you'll
leave the room and your board will talk
about you and they'll say hey you know
how did how did how did you do and do
you just you know what are we missing
and what message do we what feedback do
we want to give to the CEO and so that
is so over-prepare but over prepare for
yourself because you're gonna get more
out of the board meeting than your board
probably is what advice do you have
about strategic planning as you were
talking about you know three six 12 18
months yeah I mean you know how long do
we have I think it's it's it is a tricky
exercise doing strategic planning right
especially in a highly competitive
ever-changing market because you're
constantly trying to get your bearings
and you're constantly trying to figure
out how do I plant the flag 18 months
out three years out five years out while
still trying to operate today's business
and with a small team and with limited
resources but you know a strategic
planning exercises looks at you know all
of the you know where do you want you
know where do you want to sell what
markets you want to be in what channels
do you want to sell in what what
products you want to sell who is your
consumer answering those questions for
like today next year three years down
the road I've even looked three years
down the road right now it's very
difficult I mean it's it's I'm not
saying that we don't but it's it's I
think it's it's hard to get a thumb in
the wind but look at the end of the day
we're you know the product that we're
selling the products that we're selling
our personal care and grooming products
the way we sell that to you and the way
we package all that up together I think
we know exactly what we want to do now
two years from now five years from now
and how we want to evolve that and then
you just you you will have to change
that inevitably as you go nobody expects
you to have you know everything fixed
for more than you know a probably six to
18 month window you do have tremendous
