your hand to grab them out it's yeah
practical and perfect if you okay and
then you have your out and back there we
had a little extra space so I talked our
hands out back there cuz you refill it's
a refill great up there's our cleaning
supplies we did two bins to sort of
delineate this is like your all-purpose
cleaners and then back there is our
floor cleaners boom so this is the floor
clean are two types of floor cleaner
with the floor cleaning pads we just put
it all together in this one bin so when
this family is ready to clean their
floors they just pull out this little
bit and done categories so essentially
you can see we've sort of streamlined
this under sink area by creating
categories so we have a dishwashing
category and a trash bag category a
category of lesser used items and then
over here on the right side I think the
category correct me if I'm wrong master
of the understan area is the items that
aren't used as frequently category you
would like to go I would like to try
again this is actually I get a retake
well you averaged my two scores this is
actually the bulk section so you have
our gigantic bleach and actually I also
have I can't grab it here but this is a
spray bottle of bleach and water
combination and I just put it in there
because it's not marked or labeled but
it's sitting next to the bleach so that
way this family remember oh this is the
