something a lot more thoughtful a lot
more delicious everyone around you or
sort of pushing them to go into awkward
unexplored places right yes
myself as well yeah I tend to look at
life right now is like one of those
grade school dances when you sort of
first discovering like sexuality and the
year before you're like oh girls got
girls gross though I would never want to
talk to them and now you're like well
maybe I should ask this girl out to
dance right but you never do because
you're afraid that you'll get be
rejected and it's much better to be a
Wallflower and most people say no to it
because of that nausea that feeling of
total like you just don't want to be in
that moment because it just is so
uncomfortable and I have learned to be
attracted to that moment because I found
that that's when you're growing and the
worst thing that's gonna happen is
they'll say no to you but just maybe
they'll say yes more often that they'll
said no to you and you'll get rejected
but I found that at all restaurants at
least that's what our best work is when
we're in that moment where we feel like
we're gonna throw up
