government to a stout to take over and
take ownership over Syria so this attack
last night's mission was predicated on
this sarin gas attack earlier in the
week and everyone we've talked to on
this show people with access in some
cases to classified intelligence has
said unequivocally the Assad government
did this kill these children with poison
gas do you believe that it doesn't
matter what I believe or not what
matters is evidence and facts and in
areas of administration has if the Trump
administration has the evidence
unequivocally proving this then share it
with the American people share it with
Congress come to Congress and make your
case before launching an unauthorized
illegal military strike against the
foreign government you know Iraq is not
so far off in our memories especially
for people like me who not only serve
there but who lost friends
there and we remember when the the then
Bush administration including Colin
Powell and others came to Congress and
came to the United Nations presenting
so-called evidence of weapons of mass
destruction that later proved to be
false the disaster that is Iraq war was
predicated on so-called evidence so I
think it pays for the American people
and members of Congress to be very
careful thoughtful and skeptical and to
support frankly what the United Nations
was working on yesterday before this
military strike was launched in
immediately launching an independent
international neutral investigation to
gather that evidence gather the facts so
that that can be presented right so I
