people to actors which are a bunch of
crazy people but in a different way yep
and the managing all the different
characters and all the different
personalities how hard is that that
seems like that could really get in the
way well yeah sure can and it's like a
thumbprint every time you're a new
project it's a completely different you
know fingerprint you know you never know
what you're gonna get and sometimes
projects seem blessed and sometimes you
could say they're cursed but again my
Susan Downey Esquire was talking about
this yesterday she goes it's the only
thing you can't overcome as a creative
producer on a big movie or anything is
in principle no matter what happens you
can fix it we lost the light oh the
Thunder the weather came in okay he got
sick oh she's oh she's pregnant okay
great they changed the costume you can't
overcome personalities
yeah the relationships that people have
with each other do you meet up before
you commit to a role do you ever say
like I want to meet Captain America I'm
find out what the fuck that guy's really
like I mean I love that you think I had
to have the authority did you catch this
guy hurry let me get a taste of I'm
