we go here we go yeah and I really feel
it's so funny at this point in my life
and being you know kind of middle-aged
and all that well I know I'm gonna fly
around the world I'm gonna sell some
soap and I know I have a new project and
I know I've just retired my Jersey on
this 12-year journey
been on and and how do I want to start
and it came up how would you like it go
yes that's exactly what happened to I'm
gonna go have the Joe Rogan experience
and and kick off this year in this
season and this new chapter by doing
what I love which is a an interview as
we're looking at each other and if
there's a give-and-take is the door to
Ironman totally closed because I don't
believe it is oh you guys can go through
time now you can go there's there was
you know you already opened up that door
let me ask you the question if I pick
the jersey back up and put it on
wouldn't you feel a little bit like oh
no crap
no oh here's what here's the right thing
they go through a few semi lackluster
Avengers movies without you ready for
this I'm ready here's the scene there's
a moment where the world's fate is at
stake and they've realized they need a
super genius and then they figure out
how to restart that time machine
great come on is that you the audience
sees you when you step out of that thing
is this your and can we you want a
little arc on it too because if this is
your idea then you got to show up for it
too
I'll do it I'll show up what I have to
do I don't know I'll do whatever I have
to do we all have to do whatever Kevin
pie thing they do it's digital I'll hold
