to me I was like great let's do this
movie literally that's that it's always
it you know any mean it's always that
thing of you click and you go here's my
here's here's my sense what do you think
and and then the other the gal or the
guy says yeah let's lean into that and
then you go but do this and that anybody
give me some of this and you go yeah and
all of a sudden you're in a synergy it's
like a good interview like a good fight
like a good dinner
it's just kind of the gentleman right
there
that's a crazy look yeah to me I just
thought that's can do little be like
Daddy goes to so you have to be that way
the whole way through I go no no when
they find him he's a recluse and then
the animals like clean him up and then
he looks less fun handsomer would you
left less weird for the kids for the
rest of the movie but let's find him
like that this this concept of things
just sort of falling into place I'm a
big believer in that - what what is that
though is that you getting out of your
own way like what is that is it isn't
that 70% of it yeah yeah I say it's 70%
maintenance of what can I do to do my
part to stay out of the way and then the
other part I always think of it as like
this little super thin invisible thread
but you can feel the tug and you just
kind of you have to be really gentle and
you have to pause when agitated and you
have to go for it when you're gonna like
there's four walls in here which one has
