whatever it is like you're you're gonna
it's gonna be Robert Downey jr. dive in
InDesign so I would imagine it would be
kind of annoying even though you are
brilliant at Ironman to stay Ironman
yeah well fortunately I don't have to
find out right it's it's just
interesting to you know life is doing
something and and you know I met at this
place it's also it it baffles me
confidence what is what does it really
mean there's a period of time where I
felt like I did I did the first Ironman
and then I went and did Tropic Thunder
and then I was doing the first Sherlock
and I had my shirt off and I was doing
Marshall I was like I was all over the
place and it just felt like I was I was
hitting triples no matter what I did
and and then people are like are you
really as confident as you seem and I
was like I guess right now I am yeah and
then and I think this goes I mean this
reminds me we were just talking about
the McGregor cowboy fight coming up you
know it's like it's you gonna go to that
I'm gonna watch it how can you not watch
it you know - brilliant souls who cannot
lose neither one of them can afford to
lose this fight wow that is a matchup
yeah particularly cowboy doesn't want to
lose there's no but there's this guy
who's the the poster child the guy who's
the the one right the chosen one that's
Conor and then this cowboy who's like I
think I can fuck that guy up the
journeyman yeah yeah so confidence you
know there's been times when I felt I'm
in possession of it and then you want to
let go a little bit because it's only
ever the moment and life guiding you the
wind is so at your back there
Wow are you just are you just you know
jumping over the waves and all that by
yourself and you're like you bet I am
but there's a physics to the moment man
moment machine whatever and the wind's
at your back and then the wind does what
the fucking windows and it changes and
if you're left there thinking what you
know so I think it's great to be in full
possession of what you would call
supreme confidence and then see what
happens if you don't hold on to it so
hard because it's great but it is a bit
of an illusion because like everything
else it's always changing and every day
the reset button the spacebar gets
pressed and it's like now what yeah
the reset button yeah yeah you kind of
