remembered some of the folks that were
around my dad at that time and so when
Ben called and said hey I'm doing this
thing and you know I think maybe Sean
Penn it passed
possibly wisely and I thought yeah I'll
do that and I'll do that after Ironman
and then I started thinking the system
wait a minute and then I thought well
hold on dude get real here where is your
heart and my heart is a I get to I get
to be black for a summer so there's
something in it for the other thing is I
get to hold up to nature the insane
self-involved hypocrisy of artists and
what they think they're allowed to do on
occasion just my opinion and also Ben
who is a masterful artist and director
probably the closest thing to a Charlie
Chaplin that I've experienced in my hell
the time he writes he directs he acts he
if you had seen him when he was
directing this movie he would have been
like I'm watching David Lean I'm
watching Chaplin I'm watching Coppola he
he knew exactly what the vision for this
was he executed it it was impossible to
not have it be an offensive nightmare of
a movie and 90% of my black friends were
like dude that was great you know I
can't disagree with them but I know
where my heart was yeah and I think that
it's never an excuse to do something
that is out of place and not of its time
but to me it was just putting a it was a
blasting cap on and by the way I think
white chicks came out pretty soon after
that I was like I love that like that
was great so you know well it might be
