crazy he had a crazy - this is a
beautiful harmony and I love it when the
guys that added crazy go up to the thin
veil between dimensions and say I think
I'm gonna stay put yeah and then all of
a sudden they represent stability they
represent being okay hanging up your
guns yeah and just being you know well
that's that's everything everyone has to
accept that at some point in time right
I mean maybe that's you and your glasses
right because everyone has to accept
that at one point time you're gonna have
to get off the ride but when you're
doing great and you're kicking it like
boxers are a perfect example they always
last too long there's only been a small
handful like Andre Ward recently
Marvelous Marvin Hagler in his prime
they just go that's it I'm done and they
actually are done almost every one of
them comes back and almost every one of
them chases that dragon here's what I
love you you're making an argument for
and also the argument against me coming
back and doing another yeah listen I'm
not married to anything except my wife
but I'm not married to any ideas all the
ideas that I have are just like hmm
maybe that idea sucks I love you as Iron
Man so I would I would if you if they
opened up this time machine and you
popped out I just imagine the moment
where everybody goes fucking crazy it
would be amazing to be great I would
love that but I would also love you
hanging it up yeah it's a look it's just
first of all it's 2020 and I'm not an
OCD guy but I keep thinking see clearly
see clearly even if your vision is going
and it's difficult because by I feel
like we all just get buffeted by
feelings and the ego or fears or little
you know chips of resentments or
intuitions that are tied to something
maybe higher but you think is out of
your reach or whatever so it was a
