what am I supposed to say next and how
much does that get in the way this look
I have a very broad band of of
tolerances I don't care if the people
I'm with happen to not know what they're
doing or don't know their lines are
stepping on my lines or or whatever or
want to change their lines and my lines
and it's always a different thing it's
like reading the room it's like you know
if I was a fighter you go into the
Octagon and there they go you ready you
ready and you go and then you just do it
you go in but so I've had it where I
would try to be off-book before everyone
else I would get it down to an acronym
so if there was a thousand words I had
to remember I would just remember the
first letter of each and I would put it
on a piece of poster board and then I
would stand away from it not as far as
you and your your archery set up over
there but far enough away to where I can
see it but kind of can't see it back
when my vision was a little more clear
and I would just run it and run it and
run it when I did the first Sherlock we
were rewriting it so much and I would
have pages and pages of stuff I was like
give me an earwig and it helped me with
my accent and then I started getting
into like you know what's so great I can
finish work go home hang out with my
kids or do whatever I want to do go
train and in the morning they can change
it all they want I don't have to trip if
at all if you know unless it's some
monologue that you want to really be
committed to that's not going to shift
I'm just go like that so you put one of
those little earpieces in and they would
feed you to Lions yeah yeah and now I've
kind of gone as far as you can go with
that and I'll probably go back to a new
method or a new version of the old
method so it's basically improvisational
like you in in the moment you decide
with whatever preparation going to do
for each role how you gonna do it
whether you're gonna go and memorize
everything obsessively or whether you're
just gonna be a little bit more loose
and free with it yes it depends on the
