environmental policy right and so that's
what that will look like now when you go
into behavioral micro-targeting or you
know I was a real micro-targeting this
is when you don't have to pick and
choose your campaigns here and there you
don't just have to choose you know okay
five or ten big topics at different
targeted at different groups of people
you can target every single person in
America if you want to and you're going
to target everybody according to how
they view the world so instead of just
the youth campaign on the environment
I'm going to have a different campaign
towards youth who are open-minded
and extroverted they're going to have a
campaign about how you can get involved
how you can help stop how you can help
stop climate change because they're
gonna go and they're gonna take an
action and they're going to go and
they're gonna share that on social media
and you can find something very specific
for those people to get active that is
about our hope for the future and how
the you know the planet for our children
can be better than it is for us today
now there's gonna be a whole different
group of other youth what that also care
about the environment but they're
introverted and neurotic so you're going
to play instead on their fears about the
environment you're going to show them
those pictures of a polar bear standing
on a tiny piece of ice with melting ice
caps in the background you're going to
show them the giant floating island of
plastic and all of the dead birds and
fish around it you are going to use
fear-based messaging in order to drive
them to action or to care about your
environmental policy and when you're
trying to do something positive in the
world I guess that doesn't sound as bad
when I phrase it on let's save the
environment type of platform but it
starts to get really bad when you talk
about a different topic let's talk about
registering to vote what if I saw that
the open-minded and extroverted people
could be encouraged to go vote but the
neurotic people could really easily be
encouraged to not vote at all because I
could instead make them afraid of
politics I could make them disengage
with government I could make them feel
like their government has never done
anything for them so why should they
care so you could flip and forget like
