data let's partner up on it very
interesting what's the cost of being a
president today here's what I mean by is
there dollar amongst I hear the numbers
saying it costs two billion dollars to
be president today why it costs a
billion and a half to be a president
today can anybody get two billion
dollars behind them and be a president
or do you need a little bit of a
pitchman somebody that's going to be
able to be doing the work what would you
say is the number for someone to become
a president well Donald Trump won the
election with 600 million and not a lot
Hilary spent 1.3 billion what does that
tell you it tells you that the tools are
incredibly important he definitely had a
more sophisticated data strategy that's
for sure but I think if we had laws and
regulations that prevented fake news
disinformation voter suppression races
incitement of violence and he wouldn't
have one because that's how he used to
get where he is today
so someone who is a better pitch man won
and saved himself 700 million dollars or
someone would have better marketing
strategy won and saved himself 700
million dollars someone that was willing
to break any laws in order to win you
think that won that campaign you firmly
believe that absolutely yeah and you
you're saying you don't believe
Hillary's camp at all broke any laws I
don't know I didn't work there got it
country so your time off from your POV
