knows yeah right 57 man I hope I look
like that at 57 what do you think the
world humanities challenge will be over
than
decade as we enter 2020 back to the
principal Louis of just different
paradigms beginning to collapse
you know economically politically
socially environmentally religiously
education journalism the you know
medicine they they have to move into
chaos in chaos
is just unpredictable now we're working
yeah exactly but now here's the
challenge for Humanity you have one of
two ways to embrace the breakdown of
those those those paradigms you can face
them with anger and hostility and fear
and you are only contributing to more of
it we have to see that those breakdowns
are essential for something greater to
happen now
we can't wait for governments to take
care of us that's we can't wait for
medicine to give us a drug that's going
to heal us from a condition the truth is
with a greater level of consciousness
the change in awareness because of
information the greatest challenge we
have is those as those paradigms break
down is - no longer emotionally react in
the same way and be victims you can't
say this president this person this this
whatever is actually making me feel this
way and think this way basically you're
in the program that you're something
outside of you is controlling you how
you feel and how you think so then to
self-regulate then is to say how I think
and feel was going to change my outer
environment so then we're all faced with
great opportunities brilliantly
disguised as impossible situations and
we are at that point at that nexus point
in our evolution as a species so then
you don't try to fix that that's never
going to work what you do is you create
something better and then everybody just
naturally just leaves that and goes here
now it used to be some people would just
come here and the majority would stay
here because they're clinging to what
what they've been programmed or believed
in but now because of information
everybody's like that's
not gonna work I already know it's not
gonna work and I don't care what anybody
says this is working for me so people
are moving to new to new to new
applications to new paradigms because
it's working for them so as long as we
don't emotionally react to the breakdown
that's happening currently in the world
and chaos is just unpredictable order
you know as as as things move towards
disorder
the novelty that's being created is
literally chaos because the gnome and
everything's staying the same is order
but as you step out into that unknown
its then you're having the chaos is
unpredictable order being expressed
novelty and we have to be able to learn
how to take that disorder and what the
application of brain and heart coherence
create more order so you can't just say
