transcendent um you see in essence right
and I think if you do that really well
that kind of emergence of a of a new
consciousness but that's less dependent
on on all of those outer things it's
really difficult to control and if you
want to control a community control
their emotions and control them in
survival when you overcome your emotions
you can see the hidden meaning behind
all things and when everybody's looking
this way you may be looking that way
because you understand look you've just
overcome your fear you just overcome
you're not still in anger you've
overcome the program of whatever it is I
swear to you you you are going to be
able to connect people and that that
then is the hope of the future that's
why I'm that's why I'm hopeful of the
future because I think that all of this
that's happening in a world right now
where more things are happening in a
shorter amount of time I mean if you're
alive in this world and you haven't been
experiencing the quickening I mean I
mean in you know I said to someone the
other day
the day where you end your day and feel
complete because you've finished all
your work you'll never have that didn't
you know there's always more emails and
more things the chest right so the
demand has has as pressed us into this
crazy realm of of multitasking and I
think that you start shifting where you
place your attention is where you place
your energy so if you're shifting your
attention all over the board your energy
is scattered yeah so then when you start
disconnecting from everybody your boss
your coworker you know the news your
cell phone your computer and you start
going this way I think it's into the
present moment then of where you place
your attention is where you place your
energy and you're truly in the present
moment you got a lot of energy to
execute gotta let our energy to use and
you want to be able to do that eyes open
