can't ever do that again it's just it's
not a time that doing things the same
way isn't work so you got to be able to
grow you got to be able to learn
you gotta be able to kissed a
contemporary with all the new technology
and everything else and you gotta keep
bringing on a bigger team I mean I am
nothing I am nothing without my team
honestly I mean between my staff and my
team leaders and in our volunteers in
the way we do things it's a it's a it's
a it's a living organism everybody
everybody counts and for me when I have
a group of people where everybody leads
you know you see those school of fish or
the flock of birds all moving together
you study that phenomenon you think that
there's some leader that everybody's
following turns out there is no leader
everybody's leaving it's a bottom-up
phenomenon so you get a you get a really
greased team that really is heart
centered that really is has the intent
for the greatest good and it's not about
them it's about how they co-lead and I
think that that that helps me do one
thing really well and that is to focus
on the people in the audience instead of
everything else so we've been growing I
think for the last 15 years or more and
I think just our biggest challenge is to
be able to handle that growth I mean we
get I was just talking to my team they
were we get over seven eight thousand
emails month I mean with people with a
lot of health conditions a lot of
questions in support in one support and
so we're building infrastructure you
know we're building online ways to get
people engaged and and to be able to for
me to provide resources for people yeah
