tell me how important field Jackson was
to the evolution of Kobe
when he came here everything changed for
me and how I viewed the game to that
point I really thought about the game
from a tactical perspective and
executing fundamentals and training
writing surface things Randy I see so
much
just pivot were like we're not even
having a basketball this is go run go
set a pig and spin pivot gold and stop
changing the rent like weed without a
basketball a practice layups without a
basket and sweated I learned the
spirituality of the game the mindfulness
that comes with the game understanding
how to put yourself aside how to try to
quiet GE go and play effortless
basketball that approach to the game was
something that I felt really separated
me from the pack no biggie kid
that's here on the top side I guess when
you talk about your sense of purpose in
basketball did some of that come from
Phil Jackson sense of purpose not a
sense of purpose was there ever since I
was kid I know exactly I felt like I
knew what God put me on this earth to do
I'm just played a game about my just
love me so much the sysadmin also a
picture dribble we run real aware I
think we feel do feel peak my anxious to
say maybe there's a there's a deeper
level to this and maybe there's
something more something greater to this
game two for one there's two for one
without one that you had richer than
ever as greater players you were you
were hungry for more
and all of a sudden here comes it's Phil
who has a philosophy that fits yours
and here comes text with the name like
that you'd settle for texture now I
called Tex
in 99 he was still with the Bulls and I
talked to him for about an hour and I
just wanted to pick his brain I didn't
know you'd be coaching me it's it but I
wanted to pick his brain was it strange
that you would call him you'd never call
them no no III cold coffee ball the time
if I'm curious about something I want to
learn something I'll call and I'll ask I
just felt like um
his team's just look so composed and so
tactically sound I wanted to know why I
want to know what this china office was
about whether the principal's why do you
believe in it
how does it work so now we have a
triangle form between Nepal and then
when it became one of our coaches I was
really like oh this is awesome this is
awesome I get a chance to learn
everything I called him Yoda I mean I
was I was extremely fortunate to have
him because we sit together and we watch
film of every game and the first time we
sat down and watched film I was kind of
like alright we're gonna watch my
touches alright watch my touches and
other that no we watched the game from
start/finish rewinding it looking at
please looking at tactics start to
finish every game every game
and you found you like that I did like
it because I started picking things
right I started playing the game and now
when things are going on a fast pace I
was able to slow the game down and see
exactly what I was seeing on the screen
right the game seemed much slower to me
and now I can also manipulate the game
because I could think three four or five
moves ahead so now I could put people in
their right positions organize things
past time you wins if I'm baseline but
if you do a middle man
so now of a sudden you found something
that made you even yeah you know I mean
bigger better what was that feeling like
I want more I want more I want to learn
more where can I learn more where can I
look you know I want more I want to
learn this thing some more there's got
to be another level you know and it's
