debating someone live what's up YouTube
we're doing a live debate
I'm here with John Henry he's on the
East Coast on West Coast and he was cook
he was calling me out on Twitter and I
said yo man let's talk man-to-man let's
debate right now on his points and you
know I'm open-minded guy so I'm gonna go
live we're live on he's doing a he are
you snapping it I know now I'm on the
gram right now okay
yeah can you okay all right so he knows
more let the wait let me finish going
live so you can everybody can hear what
you're saying
let's do Facebook now here we go I was
trying to reconnect come off what's up
Facebook I'm debating somebody live
right now this is John Henry he called
me out on Twitter I said yo man let's
talk man-to-man so we're going live
man-to-man always face your fears okay
I'm going on my Instagram live now
what's up it's the ground
I'm live debating a hater right here
John Henry he's in New York it's East
Coast versus West Coast baby no anyway
he called me out on Twitter and I said
you know he had his points he says he
knows more than me about different
things investing this that and the other
thing and I said you know what let's
just be a man must be two men and we
talked face-to-face and we'll have fun
so I'm on I'm on just explain a little
bit then he's gonna talk I'm gonna talk
and it's just gonna be free flow nothing
you know he's a chill guy I think I just
met you ten seconds ago you know I'm
kind of a chill guy most the time so
we're gonna talk and here I'm going to
lay a couple a couple ground rules to be
fair for both of us so here's a couple
rules I know I gotta follow them and you
gotta follow number one we got to talk
facts so we can't make anything up that
we can't bring it you can bring the
proof then you can bring it up number
two keep keep it simple no name-calling
you know no lowbrow kind of stuff and
that's what I need to do and so I think
that's really and then number three we
just keep it light we'll take some talk
we'll take some conversation from you
guys and and let me just say this people
are asking me yo ty why are you doing
this you're helping John Henry you got a
bigger following this is giving him a
lot of followers first of all I never
think that way he seems like a good guy
if I can you know if he gets a little
follow from this that's that's all part
of the game
the second thing that I would say is he
brings up some points that I've heard
commonly about me so I said you know
what I'm just gonna answer you know he
brought up cars why do you got cars
girls stuff like that I'm doing it wrong
and so I was like let's just talk about
it and you know there's a saying in the
in the Bible it said every person's
argument sounds good till you hear the
other side so I want to give him inside
to kind of call me up out and back up
his stuff and I'm gonna give myself a
side to you know it sometime to to
protect myself or or explain my side of
story so this is what I thought I
