the number one quality in my book and
that has it's never changed if you have
a great idea for a business the first
thing you should do is get it out there
what people tend to do instead is
analyze it to death and get everything
in order get the business plan down get
their ducks in order how are they gonna
finance it I think there's a time where
you have to give that a little thought
but the problem with giving a little
thought it leads to more thought and
when you give it more thought you always
find something else that you're missing
and as a result you don't get it out
there I think there's a tendency to feel
as though you have to have everything in
perfect order be a perfectionist and the
problem with that is by not getting out
there you don't even have a chance to
revamp your product your sales pitch
your pricing the only way you can test
is to get it out there in the market so
I think if you have even a prototype of
say a product or a new service with
basic pitch points to it you want to
walk out in this
Street hit a couple of strangers and see
if they'll pay you for it that's the
beginning of a business not on paper or
safely at your desk in your office
whenever anyone's pitching me a business
