an introvert and Amy Schumer's recently
done the same thing in her memoir what
is it about this kind of like what's
what seems like a dichotomy to year to
your viewers and everything well you
know I'm a big believer in like the
myers-briggs assessment over the
introvert extrovert assessment because
like if I'm an extrovert then I'm an
extrovert that spends a lot of time in
their head if I'm an introvert I'm an
introvert that loves the company of
others you know what I mean because it's
it's more balanced than that so it's
it's tough I guess you know for like you
know if we judge it by on what recharges
your batteries like I definitely need
time alone to myself I really need
that's part of my self-care I need to
take walks I have to
like if I'm feeling like overwhelmed I
really need to write it out and I know
that I need to just spend time centering
I think that for a lot of public figures
you spend so much your love your life on
export that you have to know what is
your version of import and there are
some of us that work in this industry
that their import is being on a stage
they love applause they love live
performance I know a lot of people who
are my friends who are like I got to get
back on on the road like they feel
stifled by having to spend all their
time at home or on sets because of a
civilian
yeah well they want to get on the road
like I need to like perform to a crowd I
need to like see people so I think it
really just depends on it depends on the
public figure and do you find I mean
