read some awesome books with therapy
that's everything that's a great
question how did I find out what
recharged me um like what was my best
way to recharge huh I guess it's like
how did I find out I guess it's just
kind of like partially observation like
you know like when you have people in
your life that are like that that can
see you when you can't see you you know
and they like help remind you and you're
like well okay like okay well then maybe
I just really need to go take a walk I'm
trying to think about how I figured that
out oh I know how this is how it starts
with making your needs matter because
your needs are there and so that voice
is always talking you're just not
listening to it so it's like we're doing
a massive press day and there's gonna be
10 outlets that day and it's back to
back to back to back I if we have a
break it's like I would hear this need
that would just be like I really need
some fresh air like I really hope I
could take a walk and instead of going
shut up I would be like hey guys I'm
gonna take a walk really quick I'll be
gone for like five minutes
it's I think that that's part of it you
just have to listen to the thing you're
already telling yourself you know
hopefully I love it so insightful well
