all right guys topic of this videos do
shading via email everybody wants to
know about negotiating via email how to
do it better
what's wrong with it how does it go
wrong we get a lot of questions about
this because our emails aren't as
effective as we want here's a crazy
thing we all hate receiving long emails
yet we said no how is it possible that
we engage in a behavior that we hate
having done to us
so first problem with emails azar too
long a friend of mine has his email
signature that is trying not to make any
email longer than five lines so less is
more less is more we're really trying to
do is make one point via email let me
ask you this if you were playing chess
via email would you put your next seven
moves in the same email no you want to
make a move you want to see what kind of
effect it has then you want to move back
to that so it's not two seven moves in a
single email
less is more let's try to land one point
