single email
less is more let's try to land one point
all right here's our guidance after less
is more
send it up land it finish positively now
this is not the sandwich advice the
sandwich is nonsense which is a negative
sandwiched by positives do you know that
nonsense which basically starts out with
hey I love you hey you stink hey I love
you
all right so that's better than just hey
you stink but let's let's do it more
intelligently now in the less is more
issue also don't put all your
negotiation guidance in the same email I
once gave a lot of great negotiation
advice which the gentleman I was
coaching took all of it and put all of
it in the same email it was crazy
taught him to ask the nowh oriented
question have you given up on this
project which is a great standalone
one-line email or one-line text but what
he did was ask had you given up on this
project because I haven't was his next
line so we don't put multiple tactics
making multiple points
in the same email so set it up you got
bad news
in the email warning it's coming don't
start out with hey I love you and you
stay the short version of that would be
I got something that you're not gonna
want to hear you think at least you
warned them that the bad news was coming
you give people a chance to brace
themselves for bad news and then you
deliver it don't want a 5,000 times
because they're gonna want to read
what's coming but one of them that the
bad news is coming then land the bad
news soften the bad news when you land
it use I'm sorry and I'm afraid
sprinkled liberally throughout before
the negative statements or the
potentially perceived negative
statements are made not after it's I'm
sorry you stink
instead of you stink I'm sorry there's a
big difference between those two you've
warned them the more bad news is coming
on let people brace themselves before
you hit them with the bad news here's
