on let people brace themselves before
you hit them with the bad news here's
another tip on emails do we mills have
toned remember the tone then it's gonna
be read in is not the tone that was in
your head when you wrote it you write an
email with this wonderful loving soft
night's positive upbeat nurturing tone
and it's not gonna be read that way it's
probably gonna be read and at best a
cold and distant tone and potentially it
worse is a harsh tone I won't send an
email whether somebody asked me a
question the answer was no and I wrote
no because I heard in my head that I was
gonna say it soft and gentle like that
will you send a one-line one-word email
no what do you mean no the other side's
gonna hear no here's some more great
advice on how to think about tone in an
email I do emails have tone
