and normal life not when I'm pregnant
and then on top of that these hormones
and this major life change it's really
kind of put me down this week I have
been sleeping a lot to try to avoid
feelings and not filming not really
doing much of anything and I really just
needed that and the other night I just
broke down and I cried to Phil and the
main things that I'm feeling I am so
excited please look at me wrong but I
have talked before about how terrified I
am to give birth again just because I'm
scared of something happening again but
also I am I don't it's so hard to
verbalize like I'm scared
that and I know this is like I'm not
fishing for compliments I know
everything's gonna be fine I know I'm a
good mom but I'm just I'm just scared
that I'm not going to be able to be a
good mom to kids like it's this
irrational thing I know it but it is a
it's a fear that I have I'm scared of
taking time away from Trey to be with
new baby and Trey's feelings getting
hurt and I know it's going to be harder
on me than it is on Trey like he I think
he's going to be excited I think he's
going to love helping as long as I you
know make sure to spend time with him
alone and time with the bit you know
it's just there so it's like at juggling
said the juggling act that I'm just
scared of and I don't want Trey to feel
like he's not special but at the same
time I want to have
attention and energy put on the baby I
know these are common fears and common
worries that people have and I just need
to keep telling myself like it's going
to be okay you're going to be fine but
yeah I cried to Phil about it the other
night so she's like how am I gonna be a
good mom to kids above Allah like how am
I gonna remember things and it's just
and then also like when I first had
tried there's so many books out there
I'm becoming a first-time mom and as you
guys know I talk about books all the
time and I recommend a lot of them
because that's really how I got through
being a first-time parent was reading
books and picking out tips and stuff
that you know I could apply to me
and I feel like it helped a lot there's
not that many books on being a second
time mom there's a lot of like blog
posts and Pinterest things but not that
many books it's so funny because I have
all these fears and these anxieties and
they seem like a huge deal to me in my
head and then when I talk about them
like to fill or to my friends or to you
guys I kind of realized how silly they
sound but I know they're valid it's just
like oh so we were just felt like you're
going crazy but then it's like if you
acknowledge that you're going crazy
you're not going crazy right and I've
been getting like mad about stupid
things like this car though it's parked
right in front of our house and we only
have one little curb spot in front of
our house and it's still spread across
the street or down the street and every
time I see this car parked here which I
mean it's a public street but still it
just it works me it irritates me so bad
just little things like that the don't
need to be a problem but they are I
started making a list of things that
make me irrationally angry I don't want
to read it to you it's embarrassing and
I'm sitting here like I should really
explain the whole car thing because it
really has hooked up with those words is
doing it doesn't even matter it doesn't
even matter Lindsey okay so yeah this is
