to a certain age but you feel like you
haven't lost it am I supposed to sit up
here and have the platform that I have
and not call bullshit bullshit
especially being as passionate about it
as I am you know this is real shit
that's been going on in our country for
so long and the reason that I'm head
down in the fucking cover is because I
feel like yes we've made some strides
since the 50s and 60s and 70s that's
great but we have not come far enough it
makes me realize fuck we didn't come as
far as a fuck we did and that's why I
feel disgusted in the country that I
love you know I'm saying like I was born
here this is all I know this is you know
my opinion the best country to live in
but you can't ignore the bullshit that
goes on
this what happens when I start talking
about trunk I get too flustered in my
head and the shit that I want to say
there's there's too many things I want
to say it once so sometimes I start
talking in it and I don't not able to
convey the message the right way because
I just get flustered and frustrated
watching him play to his base that
thinks that he cares about them and it's
actually the people that he cares about
the fucking least if you're talking
about his core being you know a majority
white middle-class what I don't
understand is how in the fuck do you
feel like you relate to a billionaire
who has never known struggle his entire
fucking life I will say this he talks a
good one
and if you're in his base you're a core
but let's say you're going to the
rallies or whatever you watch him on TV
you hear him talking this shit there's
part of me that understands like alright
he's somehow still got them because he's
brainwashing them into thinking that
something great is gonna happen
nothing's happening nothing is happening
I don't know man I get I get really
flustered when I talk about it
