all right let's take it from the top so
as many of you know a video that I
published earlier this week which was
critical of the black lives matter
released list of demands for white
people was recently censored by both
YouTube and Facebook and later Shadow
banned by Twitter and it got me thinking
what exactly are the implications here
what are these platforms feelings
towards african-american speakers like
myself my name is Candace Owens and you
are watching my vlog series the myth of
the Coon the answer is simple really
there was only one version of a black
person that these platforms are willing
to help propel towards fame and
notoriety and that is an angry black
victim that's right you're an
african-american and you are willing to
riot make threats against police
officers or threatened to assassinate
the President of the United States you
can be given a platform across any of
these social media channels you can even
be like that black lives matter leader
in Louisville and preach out an entire
list of demands or group of one race and
you will still not be censored on
Facebook YouTube or Google I remember
when I first learned about World War two
in school I was absolutely baffled and
amazed that one man Adolf Hitler could
somehow convince an entire nation of
people to hate the Jewish religion and
its people how could one man inspire a
mass genocide attempt how could a
country be that easily led and
manipulated to a point of a world war
now the answer to that question doesn't
seem so baffling it is a historical fact
that the Germans use propaganda and
censorship to control the German people
during the reign of Adolf Hitler the
Nazi propaganda ministry directed by dr.
Joseph Goebbels took control of all
forms of communication in Germany
newspapers magazines books public
meetings and rallies arts music movies
and radio viewpoints in any way
threatening to Nazi beliefs were
censored or eliminated from all media
sound familiar for those of you on the
outside looking in many of you may think
that America is on the brink of a civil
war that could not be further from the
truth our media is actively censoring
everything that is going out of this
country and our social media giants are
helping them to do that there are
millions of
Americans out there every day like me
that are working hard to get the truth
out regarding what goes on day to day in
this country and it is not the picture
than you guys have been seeing we
alongside our president are being
censored and edited at every turn for
trying to simply get out a message of
unity so I invite all of you to watch
each and every one of my videos
backwards and forwards and tell me if
they are worthy of censorship all I have
preached is I refuse to be amused by the
media to get out a message of division
and mass lies I refuse to play a part in
the brainwashing that is taking place in
this country so as the media works to
double down on its claims of division
allowing me to work to double down on
some of my own I do not live in a racist
country I do not hate white people or
any group of people based off of the
color of their skin for that matter I do
not live in fear every day of the
re-emergence of white nationalism or the
KKK and I'm struggling immensely to
understand why anything that I have just
said requires censorship while we're
talking the people of America do not
believe that Vladimir Putin hacked the
u.s. election we do not believe that
there is some Russian collusion
conspiracy story and we know damn well
that Hillary Clinton did not lose this
election because she was a woman but
because she was an awful human being
that none of us wanted to see as our
president here in America we no longer
have freedom of speech we are being
censored and we are being suppressed by
powers that are much bigger than us who
would see to have all of us divided and
fighting and living in constant fear I
have no idea what they have to gain from
this but I can tell you that we are in
the midst of an information war in this
country Facebook and YouTube and Twitter
are not interested in educated black
people because educated black people do
not help them launch Wars educated black
people do quite the opposite they aim
for success and they aim for advancement
in this society which is everything that
they are trying to avoid people are
being paid to riots the media is showing
up and filming these riots and they are
purporting these riots as a constant
condition of living in America and as I
have told you that could not be further
from the truth and it is not just black
and white people that they are trying to
divide is gay people are just lesbian
people it is trans people it is disabled
people it is any
a group of people that they feel are not
mentally strong enough to think for
themselves I am strong enough to think
for myself and I have no plans of
shutting up no matter how much they
might try to censor me I never thought
that America would come to this and
never thought that America would be a
country that is living under censorship
the media is our enemy Facebook Twitter
Google YouTube as a collective whole
they think that we are stupid we cannot
prove them right how do you control the
group of people you keep them divided up
against one another you guys can follow
