you just watch you see everybody say
money thank you you actually if he has
any extra so I said you know my wife got
it yeah are y'all calm down now okay we
have the audience Q&A in like 20 minutes
now Steve season 4 premiere next week
Tuesday what I mean you know what I mean
oh it's a lot you know I'm very
fortunate to have a life I have you know
but my life began with imagination
that's what I tell all young people your
imagination is very real don't don't
play it off man
don't don't don't see things in your
imagination and not understand it it's
impossible for you to think an
impossible thought that's impossible so
if it's in your imagination it has to be
real it has to be real and you got to
chase that because that's God speaking
to you showing you a preview of an
attraction that he has for your life
so imagination is real now you picked up
comedy from a young age correct oh yeah
yeah I always been funny create a lot of
problems for me too I stayed in the
office man because I didn't know it was
a gift you know I just thought it was
something I could do I was just a funny
guy
I could make people laugh about anything
sad subjects anything I stayed in a lot
of trouble I didn't discover it as a
gift until I was 27 what subject did you
like do you like talking on the most you
tell my in comedy when it comes to
comedy yeah I mean people family you'll
pass the experience that's what makes it
funny that's why it's hard for young
people to be comedians it's hard to be a
16 year old stand-up or 19 year old
stand-up because you don't have enough
