monologue thank you very much I wanted
to know your praying man you pray every
day
Yeah right so this past two weeks I've
been watching a lot of family feud
watching a lot of clips there's been
questions like name something you put in
your mouth but don't swallow
reiax 200 men to name a part of their
body that's bigger than it was when they
were 16 and then I just think to myself
what is this Christian man Steve Harvey
doing hosting the show Family Feud ain't
got nothing do with my faith oh yeah
about that man you know I talk to God
after the show over you know
just while the show going on I care
these checks down to the bank I work it
out with the Lord later on right we'll
see the Edit I see that the other thing
to look at man I'm not signing up for no
faith where I got to give up my sense of
humor to be a member of it I'm not
signing up for that I'm not gonna be a
Christian or Catholic or Muslim or
nothing else if I can't have a good time
and laugh laughter for me man has been
like medicine it's it's it's it's so man
when you when you laugh you release
endorphins in your body you feel better
I'm in the laughs business of mine I
don't Kenan look man I'm a Christian but
I got graces you but i but I cuss when I
talk oh yeah so what I can what you
gonna judge me for that you might not
cuss what you do you know you you do
everybody do something see look at man
okay look if there's non perfect no not
one and ain't nobody gonna get to heaven
with a score of a hundred see ain't no
perfect so ain't nobody getting in this
got a hundred all I'm banking on is I'm
going in with a strong strong 72
and on judgement day we all better hope
he grading on the curve and maybe this
72 is a high beat and I mean and that's
I'm going man I I look I shoot dice I
smoke cigars you understand oh I ain't
I'm the different kind of Christian no I
ain't I I may not be like you you know
you can't slap me and I'm turning the
other cheek I'm not gonna do that if you
slap me I'm slapping your ass right back
I swear I'll be doing you know you spit
on me I'm gonna spit on you you know if
you my name and you don't love me I love
you I'm cool I'm not that developed or
Christian now have you more developed in
that then cool let's see what number you
get in with but don't slap me man I'm
not that dude I'm not that dude and I
got money now I got people who will kill
you
god I always wanted to say that out loud
