to the effect of she made you enjoy your
fame what was it about your fame that
you didn't enjoy before and how does she
change that I mean look fame is hard you
know that's why I give young people a
break you know when you see the Miley
Cyrus's and the Chris Brown's out there
and Kanye and they say some crazy or
Justin Bieber and you ready to lace them
man you got to understand it ain't no
school for fame there's no college you
go to to prepare you for for fame you
just get it you usually the only one in
your family with it or ever had it and
you just thrust into it and you say
things and you make mistakes publicly
but they making no more mistakes than we
make as non-famous people they just got
this social media attached to them man
and we eat them alive
well I was famous before I started
building my fame before there was
Instagram or Facebook or any of that and
and you know man I just I was in such a
dark place in my life I was so unhappy
as a person man I couldn't enjoy my fame
because I didn't want people to speak to
me cuz I was trying to just stay in
myself so I could deal with my marriage
that I was in so I could figure out my
life man I just tried to keep my head
down Marjorie came along and changed all
of that and she taught me and she helped
me man understand your fame is a
blessing to you don't these people out
here
you own a shoulders see ya you know
everything about being famous man you
don't get to decide who famous other
people make that decision for you you
can say I want to be famous all you want
you don't mean nothing man you can have
put it on your refrigerator on your
vision board until a million other
people decide that they like you you can
want to be famous all you want she made
me understand that and that it's these
people it's just people that's online
it's people in social media that make me
famous I'm in over 40 million homes
because of family feud the talk show the
radio show I'm in 40 million people's
houses man that's a lot of people's
house
that's just homes that ain't how many
people in there you know I know the
