it's there in my work I knew but I
couldn't think it so when I went ahead
and said sure what's you know I'll spit
into the plastic vial it was with no
nothing in my body was saying oh and I
think that that's really true fur for
most people and which is why I don't
have the latest statistics about this at
my fingertips but I heard maybe six
months ago that ancestry know that that
23andme was fielding between four and
six thousand phone calls a week from
people saying like I don't understand my
results and they're training more people
to answer the phone lines and have a
little bit but but they're also really
trying to keep it really out of out of
the public sphere as much as they
possibly can the the CEO 23andme was
asked on a podcast I was on Freakonomics
if she had read my book and or heard of
my books and she said no and I know that
there's no way that's true Wow yeah
she's like what what are you speaking
this book you know and and actually as
