of the of these unintended consequences
and how many hundreds of thousands of
people are being affected by this and to
not be trying to sweep it under the road
to actually be I've yet to see any of
these companies do anything other than
try to kind of minimize that and
maximize all the other you know
marvelous and fun things that they're
doing that were you know important
medical data but also like you know
that's not how they market it it's all
fun facts yeah there are more people
going into sort of dual fields of
bioethics and and psychology because
there's just such a it's never the
effects of the secrecy both of late
discovery adoptees and and donor can see
if people have never been studied and
the reason they've never been studied is
because it was a secret so now there's
just starting to be a little bit of data
and and and and surveys and making a
