most of the people making these
discoveries aren't they're just I mean
in retrospect when I think of my story
it was in the light of retrospect very
clear that in all likelihood my father
wasn't my biological father but there's
a term that I that I came across in my
research as I was writing the book and
it's a psychoanalytic term and it's the
unthought known hmm what we know in our
bones in our sin you and our marrow in
our gut but we it's too dangerous to
think so we don't think it and I find
that such a powerful painful poetic
human you know I think we all have
elements of it and it's a question of
how much or how big and in my case the
unthought known I mean even as a writer
when I go back and I read my early work
you know when I was a 25 year old baby
writer
it's there in my work I knew but I
couldn't think it so when I went ahead
