there were some kind of Terms of Service
I would love to hear your thoughts on
how prepared you felt for the
information that you were given about
your own genetics and if you had any
concerns about how your data you know
might be used without you knowing well
to start with I am certain I mean I know
for a fact that there are these terms of
use you know very tiny or at least that
as I recall you know you check the box
you can barely even see what you're what
you're signing away or what
you're you know either what rights are
you signing away or what you might be
letting yourself in for the marketing of
of these particular companies DNA
testing companies is really all about
you know ancestry.com it's Kelly Ripa
waving the Italian flag saying I just
found out I'm one-eighth Italian it's
all all good fun it's all you know fun
facts and very little is made of the
approximately two percent of people who
take these tests but in the way that I
did unsuspectingly and discover what in
that world is known as as an NP II which
stands for not parent expected so there
was no part of me that was prepared for
that
partly because I had no suspicion that
that was the case I think today people
are becoming a little bit more aware
partly because of my book and partly
because of a lot of news stories that
this is kind of epidemic with how many
people are discovering things about
their things that were not that they
that they hadn't signed on for that they
had no idea it's not always not parent
expected sometimes it's not child
expected sometimes it's not half
siblings expected it's lots of different
kinds of discoveries but they're all
they're all happening and in my
experience as the person who I think has
probably met more of these people than I
would say anyone because they all come
to my events and in my book tours there
is there is a sense of people aren't
taking these tests because they think
they're going to find out that kind of
thing they're taking these tests because
in the same way that I did for the most
part and making these discoveries in
terms of privacy I honestly didn't think
about it I think I would today four
years later because again it's much more
understood that how how many how many
doors and windows and pathways our DNA
leak can lead to and you know the
question of what happens to it
and and who can see it and what what's
that gonna mean and has that horse fled
