to get these guys on on side
and basically every president since
Kennedy they have been successful in
what they call fearing up where as soon
as they come in
they lead you read you the litany of
Horrible's and they go these are all the
threats that we're facing and let's be
real it is a dangerous world it's not
just all made-up BS some of it is right
where it's inflated it's not that it's
completely false but they make it sound
more serious than it actually is but
there are real bad people out there who
are trying to do real bad things and you
have just gone through a hellish
election because our our electoral
politics are so diseased and now after
you've crawled through fire you're
already thinking four years ahead you
know how how do I stay in this seat and
these guys are basically saying if you
don't do X Y & Z this is gonna fall on
your lap and the implication which I
don't think they actually say but every
president knows is these guys can
undermine you to death if you've got the
ISEE against you right they can
Stonewall you they can put out stories
that are gonna be problematic for you
every day your presidency and it's not
that it's necessarily gonna gonna catch
you out of the White House but it's a
problem that as president you very much
don't want so in the most charitable
