for whatever judgment we have a lot of
people might do it you want it to be
able to connect to Facebook's content
servers you want to be able to message a
friend you want to be able to download a
photograph or whatever but you don't
want it to be able to talk to an ad
server you don't want it to talk to an
analytics server that it's monitoring
your behavior right you don't want to
talk to all these third-party things
because Facebook crams their garbage and
almost every app that you download and
you don't even know what's happening
because you can't see it right and this
is the problem with the data collection
used today is there is an industry that
is built on keeping this invisible and
what we need to do is we need to make
the activities of our devices whether
it's a phone whether it's computer or
whatever more visible and understandable
to the average person and then give them
control over it so like if you could see
your phone right now and at the very
center of is a little green icon that's
your you know handset or it's a picture
your face whatever and then you see all
these little spokes coming off of it
that's every app that your phone is
talking to right now or every app that
is active on your phone right now and
all the hosts that it's connecting to
and you can see right now what's every
three seconds your phone is checking
into Facebook and you could just poke
that app and then BOOM it's not talking
to Facebook anymore Facebook's not
allowed Facebook speaking privileges
have been revoked right you would do
that we would all do that if there was a
button on your phone that said do what I
want but not spy on me you would press
that button right that button is not a
does not exist right now and both Google
and Apple
unfortunately Apple's a lot better at
this than Google but neither of them
allow that button to exist in fact they
actively interfere with it because they
say it's a security risk and from a
particular perspective
they actually aren't wrong there but
