preamble to say that essential fact
government agrees everyone agrees the
attacks probably could have been
prevented if information had been shared
so why wasn't the information shared
government says information wasn't
shared because of these restrictions and
it's half true because every important
lie has has some criminal truth to it
and and there were these barriers but
the reality is why were those barriers
respected in the case of a major
terrorist plot why wasn't the CIA
sharing information with the FBI why
wasn't the FBI sharing information with
the NSA why was the Anastacia sharing
information with the CIA in the case of
Mary major terrorists
and if you've worked in government if
you've worked in the intelligence
community if you worked in any large
institution you know if you work at a
company that sells batteries you know
that every office is fighting the other
office for budget for cloud for
promotions and this is the sad reality
of what actually happened every one of
those agencies wanted to be the guy who
busted the plot they wanted to be the
one who got credit for it and they
didn't realize how serious it was until
it was too late because they were
competing with each other rather than
cooperating that's exactly what I was
gonna ask you if that was the issue the
competition between these agencies
because they are very proud of the CIA
accomplishing something with the FBI
accomplishing something and they they
want to be the one to take credit for
that yeah and I mean I think it's
