and collect a paycheck unless I wanted
to get ambitious and so I did some side
gigs for these other guys and one of
them was running what were called dirty
word searches now dirty word searches
are let me let me dial this back because
I know we're sort of this is hard to
track everything that the NSA does in
large part is classified everything the
CIA does in large part is classified
if I made lunch plans with other people
in my office it was classified that was
the policy it's dumb they this over
classification problem is one of the
central flaws in government right now
this is the reason we don't understand
what they're doing this is why they can
get on wrong way this is why they can
get away with breaking the law or
violating our rights for so long you
know five years ten years fifteen fifty
years before they see before we see what
they were doing and it's because of this
routine classification right but every
system computer system has a limit on
what level of classified information is
supposed to be stored on it and we've
got all these complicated systems for
code words and caveats that establish a
system of what's called compartment
ation and this is the idea when you work
at the CIA when you work at the NSA
you're not supposed to know what's
happening in the office next to you
right because you don't have
need-to-know right again that thing from
the movies and the reason they have this
is they don't want one person to be able
to go and know everything Ryan tell
everybody everything they don't want
anybody to know too much particularly
when they're doing lots of bad things
because then there's the risk that you
realize they're doing so many bad things
that it's passed the point that we can
justify and they might develop sort of
an ideological objection to that well in
the office of information sharing and
actually in basically every part of my
career before that I had access to
everything I had what was called a
special caveat on my accesses called
protec which means privileged access
what this means you're kind of super
user you know most people have all of
these controls and the kind of
information that can access but I'm in
charge of the system right people who
need information they have to get it
from somewhere they don't know even the
director of the CIA right he says I need
to know everything about this well he
doesn't know where to get it he's just a
manager somebody has to be able to
actually cross these thresholds and get
those things
that guy was me and so dirty word
searches were these kind of automated
queries that I would set up to go across
the whole network and look at all of the
different levels of classification and
compartment ation and exceptionally
controlled information that's kind of
you could think of it as above top
secret in these special compartments
right where you're not even supposed to
know what these compartments are for you
only know the code word unless you work
in them unless you have access to them
unless you read into them one day I get
a hit on the dirty word search for a
program that I'd never heard of called
stellar wind it came back because the
the little caveat for they're called
handling caveats which is like you know
you can think of like Burn After Reading
or for your eyes only but this one's
called
STL W which means stellar wind unless
you know what stellar wind is you don't
know how to handle it all I knew is it
wasn't supposed to be on my system you
know this is a little bit unusual and it
turned out this document was placed on
the system because one of the employees
who had worked on this program years
before had come to Hawaii and this
person was a lawyer I believe and they
had worked in the inspector general's
office and they had compiled a report
part of the inspector general's report
which is when the government is
investigating itself into the operations
and activities of this program well this
was the domestic mass surveillance
program that I talked about in the very
beginning of our conversation that
started under the Bush White House
stellar wind was no longer supposed to
be really an operation it had been
unveiled in a big scandal in December
2005 in the New York Times by journalist
James risin and I I'm not gonna name him
because I don't want to get it wrong
another journalist you can look at the
byline
now if you want to see their involvement
but and there's there's a lot of history
here too but um what they had found was
of course the Bush White House had
constructed a warrantless wiretapping
program if you remember the warrantless
wiretapping scandal that was affecting
everyone in the United States well
the Bush White House was really put in a
difficult position by this scandal they
would have lost the election over this
scandal because the New York Times
actually had this story in October 2004
which was the election year they were
they were ready to go with it but at
this specific request of the White House
talking to the publisher of the New York
Times Saul's burger and Bill Keller than
the executive editor of the New York
Times the New York Times said we won't
run the story because the president just
said if you run this story a month
before the election that's very tight
margin if you recall you'll have blood
on your hands and it was so close to
2001 the New York Times just went you
know what fine Americans don't need to
know that the kind of sushis big
violator they don't need to know that
the Fourth Amendment doesn't mean what
they think it means if the government
says it's alright and it's a secret you
shouldn't know about it that's fine now
December 2005 why did that change why
did the New York Times has suddenly run
this story well it's because James Rison
the reporter who found this story had
written a book and he was about to
publish this book and the New York Times
was about to be in a very uncomfortable
position of having to explain why they
didn't run this story and how they got
scooped by their own journalists and so
they finally did it but it was too late
Bush had been reelected and now he was
sweeping up the broken glass of our lost
rights so Congress the bush White House
was very effective and as I said before
telling a very few select members of
Congress that this program existed
and they told them this program existed
in ways that they wouldn't object to but
made them culpable for hiding the
existence from the program the existence
of the program from the American people
and this is why someone like Nancy
Pelosi who you wouldn't exactly think
would be buddy-buddy with George Bush
was completely okay in defending this
kind of program in fact and you know
later she said oh well she had
objections to the program that she wrote
in a letter the White House but she
never showed us the letter she went on
well that was that was classified right
and this is not to bag on her
individually it's just she's a great
example in here an unnamed example
everyone knows of how this process works
the White House will implicate certain
very powerful members of Congress in
their own criminal activity and so on
when then when the White House gets in
trouble for it the Congress has to run
cover for the White House and so what
happened was Congress passed an
emergency law in 2007 called the protect
America Act now which should have been
our first indication this is a very bad
thing because they never named a law
something like that unless something
terrible and what it did was it
retroactively Lee immunized all of the
phone companies in the United States
that had been breaking the law millions
of times a day by handing your records
over to the government which they
weren't allowed to do simply on the
basis of a letter from the president
saying please do this and these
companies went look now that we've been
uncovered now that we've been shown that
we're breaking or now that these
journalists have shown that we've broken
the law and violated the rights of
Americans and a staggering scale that
could bankrupt our companies because we
can be sued for this we will no longer
cooperate with you unless you pass a law
that says people can't sue us for having
done this and so we get the Patek
tamerica Act which stays you know as an
emergency yeah this is all public
history - yeah you can look this up on
Wikipedia you know
and so then they they go it's an
emergency law we have to pass this now
we have to keep this program active Bush
is going to end the warrantless
wiretapping program and continue it
under this new authority where it's
gonna have some special level of
oversight and these kind of things
eventually but for now we just have to
make sure people are safe again they go
to fear they say if we don't have this
program terrorist attacks will continue
you know people will die blood on your
hands blood on your hands blundering
hands think of the children protect
America Act passes the companies get off
the hook the Bush White House gets off
the hook the Congress that was then
sharing in criminal culpability for
authorizing or rather letting these
things go by without stopping them then
passes in 2008 the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act Amendments of 2008 this
is called the the FAA 5-minutes Act of
2008 and rather than stopping all of the
unlawful and sort of unconstitutional
activities that the intelligence agency
was doing they continued it in different
ways simply by creating a few legal hubs
for them to jump through now this is not
to say you know these things aren't
helpful at all it's not say they're not
useful at all but it's important to
understand when the government's
response to any scandal then this
applies to any country is not to make
the activities of the person who is
caught breaking the law comply with the
law but instead make the activities of
the person who is breaking the law legal
right they make the law comply with what
the agencies want to do rather than
making the agencies comply with law
that's a problem and that's what
happened here
now the intelligence community's powers
actually grew in response to this
scandal in 2008 because Congress was on
the hook and they just wanted to move on
and get this
over with there were objections there
were people who knew this was a bad idea
but it didn't passed on now what the
public took away from this because a
part of these laws was a requirement
that the Inspector General of all of
these different intelligence community
elements and the Director of National
Intelligence submit a report saying this
is what happened under that warrantless
wiretapping program this is how it
complied with the law or how it didn't
comply with the law and basically look
back at how this program was constituted
what it did what the impacts and effects
were and that was supposed to be sort of
the Truth and Reconciliation Council
right now why am I talking about all
this ancient history well I'm sitting
here in 2012 with a classified Inspector
General's report draft report from the
NSA that names names that says Dick
Cheney it says David Addington this is
Nancy Pelosi that says all these people
who are involved in the program
the tick-tock of how it happens it says
the director of the NSA that guy who is
evacuating the building at the beginning
of our our our podcast here that guy was
asked by the President of the United
States if he would continue this program
after being told by the White House and
the Department of Justice that these
programs were not lawful that they were
not constitutional and the president
said would you continue this program on
my say-so alone knowing that it's risky
knowing that it's unlawful and he said
yes sir I will
if you think that's what's necessary to
keep the country safe and at that moment
I realize these guys don't care about
the law these guys don't care about the
Constitution these guys don't care about
the American people they care about the
continuity of government they care about
the state right and this is something
that people have lost we hear this
phrase over and over again national
security national security national
security and we're meant to interpret
that
to mean public safety but national
security is a very different thing from
public safety national security is a
thing that in previous generations we
referred to as state security national
security was a kind of term that came
out of the Bush administration to run
cover for the fact that we were
elevating a new kind of secret police
across the country and what does it mean
when again in a democracy in the United
States the public is not partner to
government the public does not hold the
leash of government anymore but we are
subject to government right we are
subordinate to government and we're not
even allowed to know that it happened no
not in in the book I tell the fact that
I had access to the unclassified version
of this report back in Japan and what's
interesting is the unclassified version
of a report and we've all seen this
today with things like the Muller report
and all of the intelligence reporting
that's happened in the last several
years when the government provides a
classified report to the public it's
normally the same document the
unclassified version the classified
version are the same thing
just the unclassified version has things
blacked out or redacted that they say oh
you're not allowed to know this sentence
for this paragraph or this page or
whatever the document that the public
had been given about the warrantless
wiretapping program was a completely
different document it was a document
tailor-made to deceive and mislead the
Congress and the public of the United
States and it was effective in doing
that and in 2012 what I realized was
this is what real-world conspiracies
look like right it doesn't have to be
smoking men behind closed doors right
it's lawyers and politicians it's
ordinary people from the working level
to the management level
who go if we don't explain this in a
certain way we're all gonna lose our
jobs or the other way they go we're
gonna get something out of this if we
all work together civilization is the
history of conspiracy right what what is
civilization but a conspiracy for all
all of us to do better by working
together right but it's this kind of
thing that I think too often we forget
because it's boring as hell I want all
your listeners right to go to the
Washington Post because this document
that I discovered that that really
changed me has been published courtesy
of The Washington Post
it's called the the inspector general's
report on on stellar wind and you can
look at the actual document that I saw
that was unredacted right I had no
blacked-out pages on mine and what I
believe it shows is that some of the
most senior officials in the United
States elected and unelected worked
together to actively undermine the
rights of the American people to give
themselves expanded powers now in their
defense they said they were seeking
these powers for a good and just and
noble cause right they say they were
trying to keep us safe but that's what
they always say that's what every
government says that's no different than
what the Chinese government says or the
Russian government says and the question
is if they are truly keeping us safe why
wouldn't they simply just tell us that
well why wouldn't they have that debate
in Congress why wouldn't they put that
to a vote because if they were and they
could convince us that they were they'd
win the vote and particularly we all
know like the Patriot Act passed more
the worst pieces of legislation in
modern history passed why didn't we get
a vote and I think if you read the
report the answer we clear so I'm sorry
Joe I went on for various no is amazing
it's act don't don't apologize at all
it's just completely fascinating that
the continuation of this policy came
down to one man and the president having
this discussion that is so well it's
it's much it's much more much more but
right right literally the president at
the heart of it yes at the heart of it
in every expression of executive power
right and by executive we mean the White
House here the CIA the NSA the FBI
the DOJ right beat these guys exist as a
part of the executive branch of
government in a real way they work for
the White House now there are laws and
regulations and policies that are
supposed to say they're supposed to do
this and they're supposed to say they're
not supposed to do that but when you
look at federal regulations when you
look at policies as an employee of
government when you violate these
policies the worst thing that happens to
you is you lose your job because there's
no criminal penalty for the violation of
these laws and so it's very easy for
people who exist in these structures
particularly the very top levels of
these structures to go look we have a
given set of lawful authorities and
these are defined very broadly to give
us leeway to do whatever it is we think
is proper and appropriate and just now
take that proper inappropriate and just
from the perspective of any given
individual Ryan any given president now
intersect that with what's good for them
politically and that's where problems
begin to arise now the safety measure
that's supposed to protect us from this
in the u.s. system in a democracy
broadly is these people are supposed to
be what are called public officials that
means we know their decisions that means
we know their policies that means we
know their programs and prerogatives and
powers like what they are doing both in
our name and what they're doing against
us and because they are transparent to
us
we the people can then police their
activities we can go and disagree with
this we can protest it
we can't campaign against and write we
can try to become the president do
whatever they are public officials and
we are private citizens they're not
supposed to know anything about us right
because we in relative terms hold no
power and they hold all the power so
they have to be under the tightest
constraints we need to be in the freest
circumstances and yet the rise of the
state-secrets doctrine right this whole
classification system that goes all the
way back to last century about the
middle of the last century I believe is
is when it really started getting tested
in court and I think you know more about
this in many cases than I do when you
start talking about what happened in the
FBI and the CIA and the NSA is sort of
old dirty work in the the 20th century
is they abused their powers repeatedly
and continuously they did active harm to
domestic politics in the United States
the FBI was spying on Martin Luther King
and trying to get Martin Luther King to
kill himself before the Nobel Prize was
going to be awarded in fact after MLK
gave his I have a dream speech two days
later the FBI classified him is the
greatest national or I think it was the
greatest national security threat in the
United States and yet this is the FBI
this is the the group that everybody's
applauding today saying all these these
wonderful Patriots and heroes now I'm
not saying everybody the FBI is bad
I'm not saying anybody everybody the CIA
and the NSA is bad I'm saying that you
don't become patriot based on where you
work
patriotism is not about a loyalty to
government patriotism in fact it's not
about loyalty to anything patriotism is
a constant effort to do good for the P
of your country right it's not about the
government it's not about the state and
this is well we'll get into loyalty
later because you know I think one of
the big criticisms against me there
should be talked about is um they go
look this guy is disloyal he broke an
oath he did whatever a loyalty loyalty
is a good thing when it's in the service
of something good but it is only good
when it's in the service of something
good if you're loyal to a bad person if
you're loyal to a bad program if you're
loyal to a bad government
that loyalty is actively harmful and I
think that's overlooked but yeah when
you get back into this whole thing about
sort of where it came from why it
happened how it could come out of just
this small group and then they could
slowly kind of poison by implication by
complicity by bringing them into the
conspiracy and then having them not say
anything about it a wider and wider
broad a body of people and then once
you've got enough people in on it it's
much easier to convince other people
that it's legitimate because they can go
look we've got 30 people who know about
this and none of them have objected to
it why are you gonna object to this all
of this derives from that original sin
which is in a democracy creating a
system of government that is in fact a
secret government a body of secret law
body of secret policy that is far beyond
what legitimate government secrets could
be this is not saying like government
hasn't can have no secrecy at all if the
government wants to investigate someone
without having them respond right we're
talking traditional law enforcement sure
you're not gonna tell this mobster hey
you know we're gonna start investigating
you we the public don't need to know the
names of every terrorist suspect out in
the world right but we do need to know
again the powers and programs the
policies that a government is asserting
at least the broad outlines of it
because otherwise how can we control it
how do we know if the government is a
it's authorities that are supposed to be
granted to it by us if we don't know
what it is that they're doing and so
this is the the main thing and really
the story behind the title permanent
record is look Joe when you were a kid
you know when I was a kid when you were
a teenager riling what's the worst thing
you've ever said you know did you say
anything you weren't proud did you do
anything that you weren't proud of
something that today in like the whoa
kissed of Twitter land you would get in
trouble for I'm sure and that's one of
the horrible things about kids growing
up today is that they do have all this
stuff out there on social media forever
and they can be judged horribly by
something they did when they were 13
it's exactly that our worst mistakes our
deepest shames were forgotten right they
were lost they were ephemeral even the
things we did get caught for they were
known for a time maybe they're still
remembered by people who are closest to
us whether we like them or dislike them
but they were people connected to us now
we're forced to live in a real way naked
before power whether we're talking about
Facebook whether we're talking about
Google whether we're talking about the
government of any country they know
everything about us or much about us
rather and we know very little about
them and we're not allowed to know more
everything that we do now lasts forever
not because we want to remember but
because we're not allowed to forget just
carrying a phone in your pocket is
enough for your movements to be
memorialized because every cell phone
tower that you pass is keeping a record
of that and 18t keeps those records
going back to 2008 under program called
Hemisphere if you search for Hemisphere
and AT&T you'll get a story in The Daily
Beast about it 18 he keeps your phone
records going back to 1983
if any year listeners were born after
1983 right born after me or it might be
1987 excuse me 1987 if they're born
after 1987 and they're 18 is he customer
or their calls cross 18 days network
ATMs he has every phone call they ever
made rather the record that had happened
not necessarily the contents on the
phone call um and so I mean let me turn
this around for you Joe cuz I feel like
I've just been given a given of speech
when you look at this stuff right when
you look at what's happening with
government when you look at what's
happening with the Trump White House the
Obama White House the Bush White House
you could see this trend happening when
you look at what's happening with
Facebook when you look at what's
happening with Google when you look the
fact that you go to every restaurant
today and you see people look at the
phones you know you get on a bus you get
on a subway you know you see somebody
sitting next to you in traffic you see
people looking at phones these devices
are connected all the time now people
are getting Alexa right now now people
have okay Google they have you know Siri
on their phones that are in their house
they've always got these connected
microphones where do you think this
leads and what is it that gives you sort
of trust in the system faith in the
system like how just-just-just so we can
start a conversation here what strikes
you about this well it's completely
alien and it's new this is something
that's unprecedented we don't have a
long human history of being completely
connected via technology this is
something we're navigating right now for
the first time and it's probably the
most powerful thing that the human race
has ever seen in terms of the
distribution of information there's
nothing that even comes close to it in
all of human history and we're figuring
it out as we go along
and what you exposed is that not only
are we figuring out as we go along but
that to cover their ass
these cellphone companies in cahoots
with the government have made it legal
for them to gather up all of your phone
calls all of your text messages all of
your emails and store them somewhere so
that retroactive Lee if you ever say
anything they don't like or do something
they don't like they can go back find
that and use it against you and we don't
know who they are we don't know why
they're doing it and we didn't know they
could do it until you exposed it the the
connection of human beings via
technology is is both amazing and
powerful and incredible in terms of our
access to knowledge but terrifying in
terms of the government's ability to
track our movements track your phone
calls track everything and under the
guise of protecting us from terrorists
and protecting us from sleeper cells
protecting us from attacks look if they
really are attacked protecting us from
these attacks that's great but there's
there's no provision in the Constitution
that allows any of this and this is
where it gets really squirrely because
they're making up the rules as they go
along and they're making up these rules
the way you're describing it this is
step by step this has happened to sort
of protect their ass and keep themselves
from being implicated in what has been a
violation of our rights and our
privacy's and the Fourth Amendment yeah
I mean I I think I think one of the
things that everybody needs to
understand when you look at these things
and the reason you know we talked about
before when I got this information why I
didn't just put it on the internet and
people criticize me for this they go I
didn't share enough information because
the journalists are gatekeeping right
they've got a big archive and they
haven't published everything from it and
I told them not to publish everything
why did you do that why did you do that
because so again I get back to
legitimate secrets an illegitimate
secrets um some spying from my
perspective you know career spy is okay
right
agreed if you have hacked a terrorists
phone right and you're getting some
information about that useful agreed
yeah if you're spying on a Russian
general in charge of a you know rocket
division useful right but there there
are lines and degrees in that where it's
not useful now the examples that I just
gave you these are
targeted this is where you're spying on
an individual there no named person that
is being monitored for a specific reason
that is related hopefully from a warrant
people write well even for foreign
intelligence and some indications you
don't need a warrant
strictly although I think they should
have warrants for all of these
investigations because they established
a court for precisely this reason called
the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Court right yeah and there's not a judge
in the world who wouldn't stamp a
warrant saying hey spy on Abu jihad over
here right and if you want to spy on
another guy Boris badenov with the
rocket division right that that's okay
they're gonna go with that but then you
look at these edge cases and in the
archive that I provided to journalists
that meant stories that have come down
where they've spied on journalists right
they've spied on human rights groups and
these kind of things I think people miss
I'm gonna throw up some slides here so
forgive me if this gets weird and I put
up the wrong ones but since I came
forward this Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Court that the government
says authorized these programs 15
different times was overruled by the
first open courts to look at the program
these are federal courts here right that
said no actually these programs are
unlawful they're likely unconstitutional
when you start looking at the facts you
see even within the context of the very
loose restrictions and laws that apply
to the NSA and surveillance they say
they broke their own laws you know two
thousand seven hundred and seventy six
times in a single year and then you
asked about that thing that motivates me
like why I came forward we had been
trying as a country before I came
forward to prove the existence of these
programs legally because this is our
this is our means of last sort of
recourse in our system right we get the
executive we got the legislature we got
right so Congress makes the laws the
executives supposed to carry them out
the courts are supposed to play referee
the executive had broken the laws
Congress was turning a blind eye to the
laws and the courts were and this is
just months before I came forward going
well it does appear that the ACLU and
Amnesty International like all of these
human rights groups and non-governmental
organizations had established that you
know these programs are likely unlawful
they likely exist they're simply
classified but the government responded
with this argument that you just saw
saying that well it's a state secret if
they do exist you the plaintiffs don't
have hard concrete evidence that they do
exist and the government is saying
legally you have no right to discover
evidence from the government right
documents demand documents or demand an
answer from the government as to whether
things these as to whether or not these
things exist because the government's
just gonna give its standard what they
called Glomar response we can neither
confirm nor deny that these things exist
which leaves you out in the cold which
leaves the courts out in the cold the
courts go look the government could be
breaking along here look they could be
violating the Constitution here but
because you can't prove it and because
the government doesn't wanna play ball
and the government says if we were doing
this it would be legal and it would be
necessary for national security or
whatever the court can't presume to know
national security better than the
executive because the courts aren't
elected and so this leads to this
fundamentally broken system where okay
if the only way to have the courts
review the legality of the programs is
to establish the programs exist but the
programs are classified so you can't
establish they exist unless you have
evidence but providing that evidence to
courts to journalists to anyone is a
felony right that's punishable by 10
years per count
the Espionage Act and the government has
charged every a source of Public
Interest journalism who's really made a
significant difference in these kind of
cases since Daniel Ellsberg really going
back to that under the same Espionage
Act it's always the same law and this is
there's no distinction to government
between whether you've sold information
to a foreign government for private
benefit right or whether you provide an
information only to journalists for the
public interest and then that's a
fundamentally harmful thing I think when
you look at things that have come in the
wake of this we're talking about the the
post 2013 court rulings that found what
the government was doing was unlawful
you see the courts saying actually that
leaks or air quotes leaks can actually
be beneficial leak is used in the
government's and this you know this is
from a federal court these are not
exactly my biggest supporters they are
recognizing that although leak implies
harm it implies something that's broken
it's actually helpful it's a leak that's
letting in daylight in this context that
is the only thing that allows the system
to operate in a context where one year
before I came forward
we had the NSA saying this kind of stuff
didn't happen
we had hang on this famous exchange
which more than anything
made me realize this was a point of no
return because I've told you this you've
heard this but if you haven't seen it
you might not believe me right maybe I'm
a sketchy guy whatever one of those
senators I told you that objected to
this stuff that was doing the lassie
barks for all those years
Ron Wyden was confronting the most
senior spy in the United States a
General James clapper who was then the
Director of National Intelligence right
there's no guy higher than him the buck
stops with him when it comes to
intelligence he's testifying under oath
in front of Congress right but more
broadly in front of the
public this is televised and ron wyden
asked him a very specific question about
a program mind you that ron wyden knows
exists because he has security clearance
he sits on the Intelligence Committee
and he knows there's domestic mass
surveillance and this is how it goes
this is how the top spy responds under
oath so what I wanted to see is if you
could give me a yes or no answer to the
question does the NSA collect any type
of data at all on millions or hundreds
of millions of Americans no sir it does
not
not wittingly there are cases where they
could inadvertently perhaps collect but
not not wittingly so that was a lie
Wyden knew it was a lie clapper knew it
was a lie he actually admitted it was a
lie after I came forward you know three
months later but he said it was the
least untruthful thing he could think of
to say in the context of being in the
hot seat there but what does it mean for
a democracy when you can lie under oath
to Congress and the congressman even
knows you're lying to them but they're
afraid to correct you and widened by the
way it wasn't a surprise Wyden gave him
those questions twenty-four hours in
advance and he wrote a letter afterwards
asking for clapper to amend his
testimony right now not even at a press
conference but just to say this was
incorrect whatever so he could go
through the legal process and show his
fellow congressmen that there was a
problem and they needed to do it but all
of that was refused to us all of it was
denied to us and Here I am sitting at
the NSA next to my buddies who I've
talked to about these programs you know
I've gone look at this and they're
laughing at it you know I'm laughing at
it and it's not it's not that we go oh
ha ha ha he's getting away with it it's
like what are you gonna do these guys
are you know they're they're
bullshitters that the system is built
online
that even many people many experts who
have studied this know are lies but if
you can't prove their lies how do you
move beyond that and that's really a
question that has never been more
relevant than I think it is today under
the current White House so you're in
this position where you have this
information and you know that these
surveillance systems are in place and
they're unconstitutional and you feel
this deep responsibility to let the
American people know about this what
what makes you take the leap so this is
covered extensively in the book because
it took a long time I would imagine
people people you know yeah right
exactly people like to think it's like a
cinematic moment where I find this
golden document like this stellar wind
report and that's the closest thing to a
smoking gun right that exists but look
if you found that you you can read that
later look at that and like imagine
yourself being like oh I'm gonna go
outside on the courthouse steps and wave
this thing burn my life to the ground
burn my family to the ground I'm never
going to be work again I'm going to jail
for the rest of my life the question is
what would it take for you to light a
match and burn your life to the ground
too long the answer was nothing and I'm
ashamed of that it took me so long to
get over that home because I was waiting
for somebody else to do it when I saw
people like Ron Wyden on this when I saw
people like the court case that I showed
before where people were actively
challenging these programs right
journalists had the scent of it and you
know there are a lot of people who are
gonna be in the you knows of the YouTube
comments or whatever go oh I knew this
was happening no you didn't well Bill
bimini you had he bill Binney he built
built excuse me bill Binney he initially
was the one that came out and spoke
about
this issue and so yeah bill Benny is a
part of shall we say the group of early
NSA whistleblowers who came with Thomas
Drake bill Benny Kirk Wiebe I believe in
Edie Loomis and these guys all got their
doors kicked and you know they got
harassed by the FBI Tom Drake who was a
senior executive at the NSA this is a
guy who had a lot to lose was charged
under the same law was the Espionage Act
and these guys were doing it earlier
during the Bush administration some of
them were talking to the journalists
that in you know maybe it's alleged I
don't want to put them on the spot maybe
they deny it maybe they don't leave that
to them but somebody somewhere was
informing this reporting right that got
into the New York Times about the Bush
era warrantless wiretapping program and
eventually journalists put this out
there people knew these capabilities
existed but yeah then there's the person
in the YouTube comments so it's like oh
we knew all about this is nothing new
and the thing is you can know about some
programs and not know about others you
can have a suspicion you can know with a
certainty that this stuff is capable or
it is possible to capability exists you
can know that the government has done
this stuff in the past you can know they
are likely to do it again you can have
all these indications you can have like
the jewel versus NSA case that's run by
the e FF which is about the eighteen or
it's about AT&T
setting up secret rooms in their
telecommunications facilities where they
basically drag all the fibers for their
domestic Internet communications and
like phone communications into a room
that's purpose-built for the NSA and
then they bring it out but AT&T Nuys
it's the NSA the NSA denies that these
things happen or that are done at all
right and so this is the context I you
say you know and you know let's put it
the other way maybe you do know right
maybe you are an academic researcher
maybe your technological specialist
maybe you're just somebody who reads all
the reporting and you actually know you
can't prove it but you know this is
going on but that's the thing in a
democracy the distance
between speculation and fact the
distance between what you know and what
you can prove to everybody else in the
country is everything in our model of
government because what you know doesn't
matter what matters is what we all know
and the only way we can all know it is
if somebody can prove it if you can
prove it and if you don't have the
evidence you can't prove it and of
course when we talk about the earlier
stuff right like this or more
corporatized media they've got a
thousand incentives not to get involved
in this stuff they need access to the
White House they need these officials to
sit down with them and give interviews
right that's constant content that they
need that's access that they need they
need to be taken seriously they need to
be a you know admitted to briefers it is
a codependent relationship and yet
rather and so the only way to make sure
people understand this broadly is if we
all work together all right
if we collectively can establish a
corpus of evidence right a body of facts
that is so large and so persuasive it
overcomes the natural and understandable
resistance of these more corporatized
media groups it overcomes the political
and partisan sort of loyalties that that
all of these political factions in the
country do where they go you know it's
it's my president even if I don't like
this stuff even if I don't agree with
this stuff I don't want to say it exists
I want to deny it until it's proved you
know in HD on video you know signing the
order to do this that or the other
because otherwise this is a chance my
guy might not get reelected and that's
the only way this kind of stuff can
happen and the sad fact is the
opportunities that we have to prove this
like the the moments in history where we
do prove something anything beyond a
reasonable doubt are so few and so rare
that they almost always only come from
whistleblowers and I think that's
