are you trying to say timmy's them well
but they were getting it wrong they
couldn't tell what was happening so what
had happened was that we the American
people had sort of lost our seat at the
table of government we were no longer
partner to government we had simply
become subject to government and I think
everybody who's in the world today who
is aware of what's going on whether it's
under this administration last
administration the one before that right
they have seen a constant kind of shift
where we have we the public have less
say and less influence over the policy
of government with each passing year
there's kind of a new class that's being
created a government class and then the
public civil class that are held to
different standards of behavior and when
we start talking about leaking and
whistleblowing this becomes even more
clear and so what I did was I wanted to
clarify that kind of lassie bark right I
just wanted everybody to know what was
going on I didn't want to say the
government can't do this I didn't want
to say this is how you guys have to live
because that's not for me to say now but
I do believe that everybody in the
United States and more broadly people in
the world who are having their rights
violated by a government should have at
least an understanding of how that is
happening what the authorities sort of
the policies and programs that are
enabling that or so that they can
protest them so that they can cast a
vote about them so that they can't say
you know what you guys say this is okay
but I disagreed that this is not okay I
object and I want things to change and
