particular perspective
they actually aren't wrong there but
it's not enough to go you know we have
to lock that capability off from people
because we don't trust they would make
the right decisions we think it's too
complicated for people to do this we
think there's too many connections being
made well that is actually a confession
of the problem right there if you think
people can't understand it if you think
there are too many communications
happening if you think there's too much
complexity in there it needs to be
simplified
just like the president can't control
everything like that if you have to be
the president of the phone and the phone
is as complex as the United States
government we have a problem guys this
should be a much more simple process it
should be obvious and the fact that it's
not and the fact that we read story
after story
year after year saying all your date has
been breached here this companies spying
on you here this companies manipulating
your purchases or your search results or
they're hiding these things from your
timeline or they're influencing your you
are manipulating it in all of these
different ways that happens as a result
of a single problem and that problem is
in any quality of available information
they can see everything about you they
