because of the way contracting works and
again this is covered in the book I end
up being reassigned to this little
rinky-dink office that nobody's ever
heard of in the light called the Office
of information sharing and I'm replacing
this old-timer who's about to retire a
really really nice guy but he spent most
of his days just reading novels and
doing nothing and letting people be
content to the fact there are letting
people forget that his office existed
because he was the only one in it
there's there's a manager who's like
over him but it's actually over a larger
group and he just looks over him as sort
of a favor so now I come in and now I'm
the sole employee of the office of
information sharing but I'm not close
enough to retirement that I'm ok with
just doing nothing at all so I get in
business and I come up with this idea
for a new system called the heartbeat
and what the heartbeat is gonna do is
connect to basically every information
repository in the intelligence community
both at the NSA and across Network
boundaries which you normally can't
cross but because I've worked at both
the CIA and the NSA I knew the network
well enough both sides of it sides that
normal workers at the NSA would never
have seen because you have to be in one
or the other I could actually connect
these together I could build bridges
across this kind of network space and
then draw all of these or
records into a new kind of system that
was supposed to look at your digital ID
