but she's able to to play an outsider
she's able to to to be frightened she's
able to show that pain in her eyes on
camera and that was really really
essential for the part of Lucia I don't
know where that comes from where does
she grew up as a lonely child or what
issue felt like a misfit I think
probably around the time that she
started you know middle of junior high
school probably around the age of 12 or
13 she became much more serious before
junior high school Lisa was very
outgoing laughing smiling kicking up her
heels she was incredibly happy and all
that stuff and once she got into junior
high school and began to mix with
socially and with boys coming into the
picture and things of that sort I think
she changed I think she was intimidated
by I think the guileful nosov other
girls especially in relationship you
know to boys and and cliques and things
of that sort
and there was a change there was a
sadness and we were concerned about that
do you recall yes we were concerned
about that yeah I know my family always
thought like through high school in
college that I was this a depressive
person and that's how they would
describe me and I remember my mother
trying to save but if you would just
wear some makeup when you go out of the
house you'd feel better about yourself
and you'd be attracting people because
you and it all made sense but I didn't I
didn't care in time Lisa discovered a
