different rooms there's a play room then
there is a resting room and so forth and
the look on these people's faces was
something that was you know wow boom
right away first impression was like
pain insecurity devastation sadness it's
just all this all these emotions and
just there they were flat you know
literally they were flat they were like
they didn't know what's happening I mean
they're like okay we're here now but
where are we walking where are we going
what's gonna happen where is our life
tomorrow
so as I'm walking into this small area
play area for four children there are
plenty of children there so III observe
them you know for a little bit and then
and then one of the volunteers there you
know tells me why don't you join them
you know try to so I I didn't know how
to react yeah honestly I was there I
didn't want to you know I wanted to be
with them but at the same time I don't
want to be in their space because you
know I kid I could feel the emotions I
could feel what they're going through so
so I start playing around and and and
then ten minutes later is you know I
really got into it the children it was a
couple of children around me and we
started you know playing with toys and
and what you know measuring things and
whatever it was it was really cool and
and and then somebody you know types of
my shoulder and it was one of the the
people from UNICEF and she came with
with a mother of a child that I was
playing with and she was a girl there
was probably not even two two and a half
years old yeah and and and she told me
she told me her mom came in to pick her
up and it's it's time to go and and I
thought to myself it's still today it's
I thought to myself where they're gonna
go man you know what's gonna what's
gonna happen I mean it's sorry I just
it's it's it's even today it's yes it's
just so emotional you know because I
don't know where did where they went you
know it's it's like having this this is
this girl and mom taking taking a boy
who was six seven years old in this
little girl and and they're you know
they're they're travelling God knows
where by foot no home no nothing behind
him you know and in front of them so it
was just then I was supposed to tell
something in the camera I'm like guys
like now I mean I can't speak you know I
can't speak because it's just one of
these things that breaks your heart you
know right it's just who sorry that's
that's what that's what that's what war
does that's what war does but at the
same time
you know at the same time I'm really
grateful that I've been through that
through this experience through you know
Wars and 90s and all these things
because it made me more human it made me
more connected with with other people
because I I you know whatever happens in
the world I know that I know that we are
all going through that through that
experience of trying to live trying to
take the best out of this life
experience for ourselves and and and I
think going through through through
through those emotions and those
experiences and past just allowed me to
to be more just warm-hearted towards
people and I and I feel that that I get
the same and and and yeah I mean yeah
