challenges that we face in life or
whatever adversity is out there and and
and I think that you know some people
maybe are stayed stuck in that emotion
of maybe hatred and and just revenge
type of feeling ai ai ai
you know III I'm not and I don't believe
that's the right thing to do because
then you feel like you you're your
prisoner of your own emotions in your
life because you can you can't blame
anyone you know it can't blame
people of any country for what has
happened because they're it's not their
fault you know it's it's you know some
may be decisions of some head of states
or you know or militaries or whatever I
mean it's but in the end of the day why
you know if you carry this for all your
life I mean what I mean this it doesn't
make any any change for you there's an
ax is gonna reach your life I mean it's
not so you might as well let it go and
learn how to you can it cannot ask
people to forget and that's one thing
that I realized because I mean I I was
fortunate not to lose anyone that is
close to me it's good you know my family
my brothers everyone is good is healthy
also you know the cousins and so for
everybody is okay but you know I know
people that lost their parents they lost
you know somebody very close and and you
know they lost homes they lost lives and
they had to start over you know from
scratch you know I think almost half a
million refugees and even more I mean
God knows how many people died and and
and so and you can still see and then
one day I hope you'll come to Belgrade
and you still see that the traces of
that you still see buildings that are
you know ruins and since 99 Wow and and
and it's funny but they use it as a
touristic attraction today you know as
well whatever so but you know it's it's
hard to ask people hey just forget about
it you cannot forget about it you cannot
you know it's just it's it's one of
these things that is that is deeply you
know I guess in grain engraved into your
sub-conscience into your emotions into
your memory but I think you can get over
it and let it go and and that's
something that that that III felt like
I've managed to do it myself and and
many people did but you know many people
also didn't so but it's it's it's still
the wounds are fresh you know it's it's
