and finally dear 13 to answer your
question are you finally happy
no I don't think I am because it's never
been about happiness per se which I
realize now is more of a lofty
aspirational goal than a state of mind
it's about you understanding that your
deep sadness will not always feel like a
condition of your unique identity it
will become a source of inspiration and
of pride a badge of honor symbolizing
our community's constant evolution
because we grow and learn from our pain
we harness that darkness and transform
it into empowerment we turn our tragedy
into triumph and we take other people's
hate and respond to it with righteous
love and I know you're unhappy 13-year
old me and Here I am at 33 still
admittedly anxious and self-loathing and
constantly an emotional wreck but I am
happy to be free to speak my mind I am
happy to be able to dress however I want
and to love whoever I choose I am happy
to be able to tell you a scared gay
child that yes
it does get better but not because you
become more happy it's because you
finally accept and become 100 percent
yourself
flaws and all and that one day you
realize that being queer was never a
flaw to begin with it is in fact one of
the greatest sources of light and love
and joy that you will learn to draw the
purest form of happiness from for the
rest of your life and I am most happy
