your brain is do you have emotional
trauma in your brain and I'm so excited
my research team and I just got accepted
for publication a brand new study saying
we can distinguish between
post-traumatic stress disorder emotional
trauma and people have TBI our physical
brain trauma 94% of the time on scans
and why is that important the treatments
different and if you don't start by
knowing what's going on in your brain
you can go in a completely wrong
direction which can actually do more
harm than good but so I actually did a
study on six police officers who were
involved in shootings and who then
couldn't go back to work because they
had emotional trauma and after just an
average of eight sessions where they did
a treatment we do called EMDR stands for
eye movement desensitization and
reprocessing all of them went back to
work and the cool thing was is it calm
their brain down I want to point
