I'm Gretchen Rubin and this is the
happiness project the resolution for
this week is to force yourself to wander
which sounds a little bit paradoxical
why would you force yourself to wander
how would you force yourself to wander
and really this resolution has two
meanings first when you force yourself
to wander is creativity new ideas fresh
thoughts come from going off the path
doing something that you don't usually
do but if you find if you're like me you
find it very hard not to stay in your
routine and to get out of that you know
gerbil cage of your neighborhood in your
usual habits and so I force myself to do
things that are going to help me wander
so for example one thing that I do from
time to time which is really fun is I go
to a big magazine store and I buy three
magazines that I would never ordinarily
by usually I sort of like close my eyes
and choose at random and read them and
for some reason it's always very
interesting and it gives me an insight
into some weird subculture that I've
never thought of before and it spurs new
ideas for myself and it's a pretty it's
fun and it's a quick easy way to leave
my usual thought patterns behind so
that's one way to wandered force
yourself off the path the other way to
force yourself to wander is to prevent
yourself from being occupied with other
thoughts and really to force yourself to
just be left with your own thoughts
without checking your phone reading a
newspaper reading a book talking to
somebody and just be alone with your own
silent thoughts and I have a rule for
myself which helps me force myself to
wander is that when i am in transit i do
not distract myself with anything so I
do not read on the subway I don't talk
on the phone when I'm in the and a bus I
don't talk them look at my email when
I'm in a cab when I'm walking down the
street I don't listen to music whenever
I'm in transit I'm just thinking because
I found it for myself when I look back
whenever I have had a big big idea in my
life I haven't had that many but I have
had a few it's always because I've
somehow been in transit I've been
walking down the street I've been in a
bus I've been in a cab and so I realized
I really need to leave that time open to
have my thoughts wander unoccupied so
that I could allow myself to have new
thoughts and make new connections so the
resolution for this week is to force
