with a serious history with a lot of
experience under his belt give us your
thoughts on this upcoming title fight
for you I feel like I know what I'm
getting into with Quinn I've been
watching his 40-something fights every
day I mean it's his DVDs in my laptop
constantly and while he's playing video
games I'm watching him so hopefully I
can show that I don't get hit a lot for
a reason and hopefully we can keep it
going
Quinn how do you respond to that we know
he's watching me he's watching my
training he's watching everything I I'm
fully confident and and and in this
fight I don't care what he's watching
you know I'm saying he can keep watching
but on the 24th he's will be watching
the lights from lon his back now John
Jones how do you respond to Quentin's
accusations that there is a spy in his
camp and you know what he did was fake
an injury talk about this injury and
then all of a sudden he gets a call from
Joe Silva asking if he has this injury
your manager says oh I read about it on
Twitter but Quinn according to Quentin
there was nothing on Twitter about this
he believes there's a spy in his camp
and that spy talks directly to your camp
I think it's I think it was a tactic of
his to try to get in my head which it
worked
which it worked wait but you know what
rampage you did it way too soon you
should've did it fight week because now
it just shows more of your character and
your paranoia and you know do what you
got to do rampage I think you're setting
yourself up for failure you set it at
the press conference I always have an
excuse for why I lost and after this
fight you can tell everybody you want to
tell that I had a spy on your camp and I
hope that makes you feel better what do
you think about that Quinn I'm not
caring with this kid talking about he he
sounded like real guilty I don't care if
it I don't care it
if you disturb him or not you don't
don't bother me and I kept real it's
proven that was spying my count it's
proven the proof is there how do I sound
guilty
I mean who who do you train with that I
know I mean how possibly what is it what
how does it advantage give me any
advantage to to call I'm gonna tell you
I'm gonna tell you I focus on what I
need check-check hotel manager the
technical manager said home mom tell you
has suspicious check with your manager
said he said that he he read it on
Twitter but he heard them I'm sparring
with one of your old sparring partners
that wasn't on Twitter how can you hear
that hi he reads I'm on Twitter didn't
hurt that who I was sparring with that
doesn't show that your ignorance from
your camp and if you pay attention to
the interviews I never say that you did
I said maybe your manager I don't know I
never blamed you but you know saying
when somebody falsely accused me of
something I want to make a statement say
this is what happened this is what's up
I'm gonna ask you one more question he's
