there are now 18 years later and it's
conquered the world but the method do
you think that it's that it's has to
change because of how many input we get
via smartphones and social media and
stuff like know the method hasn't
changed the method is been universal
since since anybody was busy and
couldn't finish everything that they
were committed to when they thought of
it and so it's been it's that's been an
in 2090 when we land on Jupiter people
still need an end basket to throw stuff
to make decisions about they still need
to make those decisions about what that
means and what they're gonna do about
and they still need to Park the results
of that in some sort of trusted place so
that the desired activity actually
happens and the desired outcomes happen
this is universal so that's that really
that methodology hasn't changed what's
changed is how many people need to get
this martial art under their belt
because it's so much as coming at
everybody so it's you know there's no
difference between emptying your email
inbox in it then emptying your physical
mailbox mm-hmm you know you let it mount
up for a few days but then it's at some
point you're going to be losing bills
you're gonna be missing things that you
don't want to miss mm-hmm you know and
that's true with anything so even if I
stopped being the hall Tony and say Tony
would you get back to me about that
there's no difference between that input
and me sending you an email about that
yeah so it's
to matter a flow of information it's
