and also your your TED talk and and in
the TED talk you've started with that
the the art of productivity that it's
basically a martial art what what did
you mean by that well it's an art just
like learning the tango or cooking
spaghetti or being a parent those are
you never really end those things you
always can keep refining and enhancing
how well you manage and in this case the
powder you manage the flow of life's
work and commitments because you're not
going to stop until your life stops with
those kinds of things so how do you surf
on top of that instead of feel buried by
it so it is an art it's a martial art
because martial well first of all I had
a lot of experience in the martial arts
in my early years and a lot of the
martial has to do with dealing with
surprise and dealing with things coming
at you
and how do I engage appropriately with
something I didn't expect and so you
know learning how to keep your email
empty is like wah you know you have to
have to you know be fast you have to be
good you have to not ignore stuff and
you have to build a lot of what the
martial arts is about as well as the
military is about building situational
awareness how aware are you of your what
you're doing on the weekend or people
that matter to you or your business and
what its key elements are or the
strategies that you have and there's so
many things most people have a much more
complex ecosystem of their life and
their psyche than they realize yeah so a
lot of what I did was recognized just
getting a hold of all of those things
somebody has their attention on and then
learning how to thread through them and
again surf on top of them it's very much
like a martial art do you think that
