was not my day job but to be able to to
me it was a big question I had as to
whether the methodology I'd come up with
that we could put that into some sort of
medium besides just meet me delivering
that because I knew if I could get you
for two days and sit down with you and
you know I could I could convince you I
could show you I could implement it but
whether we could actually get it into
some form that without me or without
maybe anybody else around making it
virtual if you will as a methodology I
didn't know if it was gonna work and so
you know the first weekend it was
published in 2001 and I got an email
from a woman said David I picked up the
book this weekend and implemented it
while it changed my life I went yes you
know the fact that I was able to
actually write it and I think write it
very well in that and made it accessible
to people it's still a little
overwhelming for a lot of people if you
read the book people go haha there's
just so much to do but I didn't I didn't
write the book as a training manual
we're coming out with a GTD workbook
that's later this year which will make
it you know if you read the book oh yeah
by how do I start you know we've been
working on you know how to help people
sort of implement this but the book
itself is really a quite a manual and
pretty evergreen so that was I guess
that probably the that's probably the
the biggest did
that risked to write it and take the
risk to see if we could make it work and
to do all that and is it still when
people send you emails that they read it
and implement it then they got some
success there's still the best moments
yeah that comes daily you know it's just
legion and the number of people that
have written you know that has written
back and that we've heard from and they
are the people that we've not heard from
and then I run into them and they say oh
my god David you you changed my life you
didn't mean whatever so that's what
that's so wonderful for me I mean golly
that the fact that I was able the good
if somehow the Karma was good enough for
me to wind up coming up with something
that did nothing but improve people's
lives there's nothing that hurts anybody
you know it I do no evil the GTD you
