and that's not gonna make you feel very
good and one of the things that's you
that you said was if you don't pay
attention to the things that's already
have your attention they take up more
attention than they deserve sure so that
that's everything in your head and
that's that's what's somewhat
counterintuitive about this for a lot of
people in other words you need to be as
responsible to to handle I need cat food
as you do I need a life because either
one of them will take up about the same
amount of room that they're just in your
head you'll be likely wake up and three
o'clock in the morning Oh cat food or
life or whatever and so you need to be
equally in a way rigorous with dealing
with the not so critical urgent things
as you do the critical and urgent things
because if you don't those things start
you know creating a leak in your psyche
so that then the really critical
important stuff you don't have all of
your full capability to be present to
deal with it most productively well and
