park it for the some day maybe that's it
so that's this it's a pretty simple
method oh it's very simple method I
guess it's so simple people miss it
mm-hmm it's simple but it's not it's not
easy mm-hmm it's not easy because it
means people
have to change their habit see as you
have you're talking to yourself 50,000
times a day and you bothered with 200
emails mmm
come on where do you think most of your
inputs coming from it since on your own
psyche you wake up with an idea you tell
yourself you ought to which you're good
need to ought to and so you have to pay
attention to those things and most
people I think it gives people a false
sense of control to keep stuff in their
head but your head that's just a really
crappy office mm-hmm and that's the part
of that that's one of the things I
discovered was and now the the the
cognitive scientist in the last 10 or 15
years you know I wrote a chapter in the
revised edition of getting things done
that's sort of curated a bunch of the
cognitive science that's shown up in the
last 10 years basically validating this
methodology mm-hmm you know they they've
pretty much proven that the maximum
number of things you could keep just in
your head and manage prioritizing and
seeing the relationship between them and
remembering and reminding yourself about
them is for you know that's it and get
more than that you're gonna tend to be
driven by whatever's latest and loudest
and that's not gonna make you feel very
good and one of the things that's you
