getting way more inputs than then a
couple of years ago how do you cope with
so so much input well you know the good
news is is it forces people to decide
what really matters mm-hmm you know why
are you why are you on Facebook why are
you getting why are you tweeting mm-hmm
if you don't have answers to that you
can get sucked into that like crazy if
you have a good answer there's a reason
to do it and here's the degree to which
I'm gonna do that that agree see I'm on
Twitter and Facebook and Instagram but I
look at those very much like a cocktail
party I just wander in and wander out
whenever I feel like doing it sometimes
it's a great way to just you know kill
ten minutes if I'm waiting on a meeting
to start or something like that so it's
nothing don't shoot the medium the
medium is fine so what it does though is
it forces people to get a lot clear
strategy focus importances you know in
their life and what what really matters
to them and the quality of life come on
if you're letting yourself burn out who
let that happen
mm-hmm right and so that's I think one
of the biggest issues is you know a lot
of the younger generation are letting
themselves you know get a lot more
stressed than they're gonna feel then
they probably need to or should you know
if they want to maintain sustainability
in terms of their health and their life
and their energy
but that's live and learn you know
that's that's that's as old as dirt
there's nothing new about people
overwhelming themselves look when when
when the when the car was invented
everybody thought that was gonna ruin
civilization
you know when the telephone was invented
everybody thought oh my god the world is
the you know coming they the end you
know because of the inputs that now are
showing up yeah you know so in a way
there's nothing new Under the Sun mm-hmm
