write everything down in the book or do
you use tools or you say my most common
tool is pen and paper because that you
no batteries required no Wi-Fi
because I that's not good that's enough
the permanent reminder system anyway I
like the freedom to have an idea then
later on figure out what it means or how
important it is or what I'm going to do
about it because those actually those
are two very different parts of your
psyche yeah
so I want to grab the idea so I over
capture I mean probably most most I I
don't know probably at least half of the
cool things that ever happened in my
started by a grand note-taking on this
all right that's great yeah it's a
little pad to pen it's all my critical
credit cards of my tram card and my you
know oh the critical stuff I need to
have it's all right here this fits in
the jeans pocket fits in the tuxedo and
this goes with a pretty much everywhere
and so I'll just write down all kinds of
notes here then I'll take these and
throw them into my physical in tray and
then usually within 24 hours I will pick
it up and go what the hell is that what
a dumb idea that too much wine right or
whatever and I throw away probably 80%
of my notes I just don't know which 80%
those are when I'm taking those notes
okay so I've trained myself over the
years just to unload unload almost
