you know how conscious do you want to be
so and the method is its contains of
five steps basically that's a core part
of how do you get control of anything
first of all you identify you capture
the stuff that's got your attention oh
that's got my attention that's got my
attention and then you park you know
triggers of those things in some trusted
bucket and then get that bucket empty
with step two you clarify what do those
mean what I'm gonna do about that what's
the next step and if one steps not going
to finish this what's the outcome I'm
committed to complete
that's the clarify step step two and
then once you make a decision like you
need to make a phone call but you can't
make the call right then then you need
to park some reminder to make that call
some place you trust that's called
organized step three
so I've captured it I've clarified what
to do about it and then I parked
reminders of the doing in some trusted
bucket and then step four is making sure
you're at a phone in time you look at
all the calls you come up with that you
need to make that's the review and
reflective process which means basically
reviewing the contents of you know this
whole sort of inventory if you will of
your commitments at these different
levels and you so that review and
reflection process it's just kind of
like if you look at your calendar or
diary to see where what's the week
coming you know it's the same thing I'm
just I need to step back and get a
little higher perspective on this whole
game so then Step five is I engage I'd
make a trusted choice about time to work
draft that proposal it's time to take a
nap it's time to have a beer it's time
to do nothing mm-hmm and that's made
them a trusted choice as opposed to gee
I hope this is right or using your
engagement as a way to avoid other
things you know you probably should be
doing so so basically you you you
