we were on a catamaran it was the waters
beautiful and it's great did you go like
one of my favorite things is snorkeling
I love snorkeling did you do that I did
yeah I don't like it I mean I don't like
snorkeling everybody likes snorkeling
well not everybody yeah okay all right
hate it so much
yeah what what is that what do you
always get scared it's not my world
under there and and then I'm afraid I
don't not my world it's not what what's
the Caribbean so like you drove into a
bad neighborhood it's that it's like
beautiful what you know water no I'm
saying the beautiful water and the fish
but that's not for me
yeah I don't belong there or I could
breathe and live yeah there and I can't
I hate it so much so everyone's jumping
and my husband is sister my son
everyone's jumping in and they're
swimming and swimming and I'm trying to
catch up and I'm think I'm getting tired
and now there's water coming into the
snorkel and I thought well I'm gonna
drown and I just go back like just
hightail it out of there so you get out
of there you don't everyone comes back
on like oh did you see the blue fish and
there was a yellow fish like yeah I saw
okay who cares you don't know it love oh
