one thing we see a lot in homes is that
there are collection areas or what we
like to call drop zones where people
just naturally tend to drop their stuff
and it's not necessarily part of the
system that they've thought through or
created or that would work for them but
eventually those items pile up and then
also tends to happen when you do need to
do a tidying up of your house is that
they tend to get shoved somewhere so
these tiles are just piling up and then
getting moved and it's again it's
compounding it's something that we see
in almost everyone's home I know it
happens in my home I actually have to
drop zones in my house for my kids and
me it's our entryway table for my
husband it's the kitchen counter where's
your drop zone well it's interesting
it's a dangerous tendency that I have to
want to just clean up everyone else's
stuff okay so everyone has a space where
they naturally want to drop things and
it's a little bit different for actually
each of the five of us I don't want to
drop anything anywhere I want to put
everything away that's at the core of
who I am and I understand that that's
that's something that's unique about
anybody I did it I'm I'm more of a like
I need to have it out to see it yeah
person I understand that and I wear then
let's put it away I like to put
everything away even when we're on jobs
and I'm using tools she will be putting
them away as I'm using them where are my
scissors you put them away didn't you
yes guilty as charged it's a habit for
me so there we go again with this idea
of habits right I have a habit of
actually I'm not doing anyone any favors
because I'm just I'm just tidying up
after everyone at the end of the day
what we find helps households to
function is just that there is a place
and everyone knows the plans well and I
think touching back to the psychology
piece of it at least for me I have a
sense of calm knowing that there is a
plan and that it's not chaos and
frustration I know that I'd rather spend
time on the front end creating the
systems creating that plan so that way
I'm not frantic in the moment trying to
figure out where things are because I
don't function well I can function well
I don't like functioning well under
stress
