there and then I'll tell you honestly
then tell me about this how would you
describe love what is love to you you're
asking me for the answer to the
University yeah yeah you would have a
satisfactory answer I'm sure but how
would you describe it which category
macaroni and cheese yeah your cat right
your kids no your dog partner your
partner Department somebody who just met
somebody somebody have been with for 40
years that one okay um how am I getting
on with Graham you're wondering no I was
at well sorry but there isn't an opening
no I wasn't no I don't mean a liberal
listen I'm around no you know what Rob
Delaney yeah anyway they serve with Rob
Delaney on Twitter and only on Twitter
listen there's bold enough to be able to
flirt on Twitter
without consequences it's okay
I'm not talking about you and Graham
noted what love feels like how would you
describe that part Carl eyes and said to
me because we did an event in New York
recently at the library he said do you
get many letters from prison and I said
not as many as I got when I was younger
what'd you do at that one how do you
describe love your being incisive aren't
you I'm trying to are you being an
incisive interviewer I must walk so
there so the thing over time with it
with somebody have been with for a long
time we're not talking Romeo and Juliet
I would say that that is a matter of
that as a matter of reciprocal tolerance
plus if you have a sense of humor it
really really helps if the other person
has the sense of humor too otherwise
you're not gonna make it through for the
40 years so no me please they will just
get irritated with you because you make
fun of them and they're not allowed to
make fun of you back but in our
relationship it goes both ways
