going forward I won't be doing things
like that and now to the most important
part which is me personally my
personality my my image my ideal shown
self as quite fresco as vishuddha daus
this is also where people get a lot of
confusion and misunderstanding about me
and wondering what I am and what I do
and why I'm not perfect essentially why
I don't appear to be some spiritual
teacher that has it all figured out and
it's because I've never talked about the
fact that I'm really not so much a
teacher I'm a student I am a student I'm
25 years old
I've only been on my path for about six
years I discovered Hinduism itself less
than two years ago so I am a complete
student I'm not a master I don't have it
figured out and I didn't talk about this
enough I didn't explain my student Ennis
enough to you guys and explain myself as
a student sharing with an
another student I got into a little ego
space where I had the word spiritual
teacher in my BIOS on like Amazon or on
Twitter stuff like that and I realized
that I don't have the conscious right I
think to call myself that
I'm more of a share I am an explorer I'm
a Discoverer right now I don't have it
figured out I'm not living a life that
shows I have it all figured out I'm
growing every day I'm learning from my
mistakes I am trying to become better
but it's still a major process for me to
be in this space and what you see here
on YouTube is just my best self my
relaxed presented self there are times
when I am impatient and upset and and
selfish and stubborn and all those
things are part of my daily life which
I'm always working with during my son
and I with my practice is reading these
books implementing all these different
things to help myself grow out of that
regressive space that is my nature that
I've grown up and lived with so I didn't
eat but I want people to understand that
I am a student the problem is that when
you're sharing information online you
are automatically taken as a teacher or
somebody who who who is mastered what
they're talking about so if I make a
video on Buddhist philosophy or how to
overcome anxiety or how to overcome
anger or how to practice Hinduism
because I'm making these videos and
talking about these topics that I
research that I learned about that I am
implementing a bit in my life I think
people automatically assume that you're
also already an expert in this already
or else you wouldn't be talking about it
but that isn't the case we all are here
to teach each other and we can do so a
lot when we're still practicing it
because it's fresh in our mind I asked
