works together anything is truly
possible and I I think that for me I am
now finding myself in sometimes the most
stressful situations because I literally
now I'm sure
seven days a week both mine freakin
phenomenon I have the live show at the
Luxor for the next four thousand six
hundred performances beginning summer of
O eight and I have more things going on
in my life with the released amount of
time I sleep on an average of two to
five hours a night and stress is
unbelievable what I really try to do is
I try to put everything in perspective
we are on this earth we don't know how
long it's up to us to live life each
moment to its fullest and the memories
that we create that we're responsible
for are what we're going to be
remembered by so with all that in
perspective with people and children's
that I see from the make-a-wish
Foundation who literally have just weeks
to live yet they have a beautiful smile
they have a passion for life and they
enjoy every single moment there on this
earth that reminds me of how much I have
to be grateful for and you know what all
the stress all the different problems I
might have on my business really is
meaningless because if I'm gone all of
that would be meaningless so you got to
appreciate and value the time you have
here and the most important thing I find
in the balance I get from my life what
little balance I have is by trying to do
positive things for other people there's
three things you can't buy in life
health love and happiness and a lot of
those things those to happiness and love
you can get that priceless gift when you
do something positive for somebody who
needs it the reward is much more
beneficial to you than it is
