myself and that will probably help
everything all around when does it start
when this sadness or anxiety start
happening and and why do you think it
happened to a guy who's it seems like
he's got everything under control
figured out you know where people would
be you know killing other people to have
a blog like yours in the audience and
the books and success and the huge
conference is this is the thing you know
like I don't want to sound like an
asshole I don't really like everything
exactly you said that's how that's what
I think every day
sure sure I'm like yeah I got like all
this stuff right I don't want to be like
hey I'm like struggling in my self
esteem or my self-worth or like I'm
anxious like one of these anything wrong
with it I think it's you know junior say
I was a tan or something plus all-pro
ten-year all-pro
the NFL and played for a 15 or something
years and then committed suicide a
little years after because he didn't
feel like he was sad and he had anxiety
any of the depression and he didn't know
what to live for anymore essentially
right and it's true I think I know that
on an intellectual level you know I
think I heard Jason Mraz talk about this
a little bit once he said you know just
because you're successful doesn't mean
you can't experience melancholy
absolutely and I really liked that
because I kind of related to that so I
understand it on an intellectual level
is more just like an emotional level
sure because I do feel the same as you
like with great power comes great
responsibility so I've got to suck it up
and figure it out so that I can serve my
community and I guess what I'm realizing
is just sucking it up isn't really
working but you tried it from yeah like
I'm really good at kind of like
persevering right and and so this is
