and right and I don't know there's
probably more to it but that's the first
thing I think what's your vision right
now long-term vision my vision is to
serve this great community to do a good
job of helping people with their life
and work especially alternative
unconventional work and and somehow I
feel like there's some actualization
that I have to come to myself like I
kind of paused there because a good
friend a mutual friend of ours Alyssa
Rankin it's been talking with me about
doing inner work and I know this is
something that you know a lot about but
for me it's quite new sure you know and
so as part of this process I've actually
been seeing a therapist as well and like
I go into this session and like III
don't have the vocabulary you know she's
asking me like questions about how does
that how does this make you feel and I'm
like well I don't know what do you mean
how does it make me feel you know and
it's like how do you how does it feel in
your body like what how does it feel my
body I don't know you know right
like I feel so far behind you know it's
like super probably says you're
disconnected or yeah just connected to
your body and your emotions or yeah so
