and so that's that's when you're gonna
have to make some more more difficult to
scout in space I'm a big fan of
encouraging people to give up on stuff
yes I feel that this runs counter to the
classical traditional never advice never
give up man like never give up and you
know most successful people most people
who are super successful they did not
follow a linear path they made lots of
changes in their life they even had
multiple careers usually or multiple
businesses or whatever the field is and
so if you had gone to that person you
know in their first iteration of
something when they were struggling and
said all you have to do is keep going
right just be persistent because never
give up that's the entrepreneurial
American manifest destiny pioneering
spirit advice that would have been
terrible advice for them right right
yeah well I mean a lot of people will do
