is that I have plateaued mm-hm that miss
troubling how does someone break through
a plateau I feel like that's a question
I would ask you or Jonathan feels or
somebody else like that you know I would
be like Louis help me help me out
because you know you've been more
successful than me in lots of different
ways how can I break through this
plateau and you've had specific training
in it as well I think as an athlete sure
I mean for me there's a couple different
things you could do you can keep pushing
forward or you can take a step back and
reevaluate and what it sounds like for
me the answer I would give to you is
kind of what I was alluding to is I
would you're really good at traveling
for adventure but I would do something
different where you disconnect from the
quest to take a step back and evaluate
whether that's doing in your work
meditating just being journaling just a
journal not to like figure out the next
scription right and you're just looking
at things differently doing things you
want to normally do but I think taking
time of your mind to be calm I don't
think you've allowed your mind to be
calm it sounds like a lot of noises in
your head constantly from different
things and situations and frustrations
and angers so let's say being in nature
for a period of time a part of that time
being alone part of the time could being
with friends and family people you care
about and reflection I think it's really
important to reflect and I go back to
what I have in my book which is called
the perfect day and that's where you go
in nature and you spend time alone and
you are just in silence listening to the
birds the bees the nature the trees and
you reflect on what is it my dream
because I think we get so caught up in
dreaming in the day-to-day stuff in the
emails and the texts on the phone the
people that around us it's hard for our
minds to decompress and to relax so I
think if I was to give you a
prescription I would say find a place to
relax without anyone for a while and
that maybe a weekend a long weekend
a week however long it takes entirely
you get you know the answers you need
her and don't go for a reason other than
you know just be at peace so maybe it's
a good maybe it's a meditation maybe
it's a 10-day got a meditation retreat
maybe it's a yoga thing but during that
you find time to be alone in journal
what is my dream what is my dream and
you allow yourself to dream like when
you're five six again and say if I can
have anything because you can what would
it be
mmm and then I walk out of the woods
with the answer who knows maybe you do
maybe dr. Greger yeah yeah who knows I
mean you might you might have the answer
you might not right but I think if you
