the biggest lesson you learned through
those years of all those moments somehow
and I don't know how but somehow I
learned to transform this rejection
which I think was kind of a theme like
feeling rejected not necessarily not
necessarily bullied but kind of like
rejected and unloved into confidence I
don't quite know how I did that but I
kind of used it it was like all these
things are against me or at least I
perceived them to be against me right I
have this perception that the world is
against me and somehow I was able to say
okay I'm gonna fight back and I don't
know where that moment was but I was
able to like I'll show them mmm you know
and I think being rejected or being told
it won't work is a very motivating force
or a campaign because you're like I'm
gonna go out and prove that person wrong
that's my whole life you know all right
I'm gonna be and being an underdog is a
great great thing to be you know I think
it's much much harder in life to be the
establishment than it is to be the
underdog because the underdog is hungry
yeah and the underdog has something to
prove and the underdog is motivated so I
guess at a certain point I became
motivated do you know how old you were
