press conference what a newsreader here
and comedy have stuck in the got plenty
to do this week before the contest
starts it should be good for now I don't
know where Brian Shaw is is probably
laters and there's a big massive fat
skull there's probably stuck in the door
somewhere so we'll just wait wait for
Brandon turn off did you
you say you're waiting for me oh hey
Brian oh I've already been oh I'm sorry
you must have sneaked in yeah see if
well sorry you lost so much weight I
didn't see you okay it's no it's not
that it's not to have lost weight it's
just that your cheeks have got matter so
your peripheral vision it's not as good
are you actually talking about the fire
around my eyes because you literally
look like a Chinese miner
do a very very overweight Chinese movie
oh okay
I mean you've just come back from
shining who's got more nothing you've
actually got a lot leaking out the top
of your head and pull them along hang on
how wet is your hand you ready for this
press conference oh I'm ready I've
gotten ready
I thought you draw a homie it's like
tough that's really good yeah then I
went out and did some press ups good one
Jason star jumps like I'd certainly
couldn't tell ya I mean I know I know
you've lost weight but I only need to
lose so much more so much your arms look
so puny do they
I do see that as you say five-second is
it yours just blends into one anything
