As a negotiator, your counterparts are going
to learn from your behavior. Actions speak
louder than words.
The president assured everybody that he is
going to change his mind. You know he
doesn't have a history of a strong team
game. You know there is a saying " if you
want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go
far, go as a team." He sends his team out
now and nobody counts on what they say. Mike
Pence goes to the Hill and he thinks he's
got a deal. they cut a deal everybody thinks
it's good. The president changes his mind.
You know they're not 100 percent sure then
count on what he says when it comes out of
his mouth and he's sure not going to count
on it when it comes outs of his adversaries.
So he's he's kind of got a weak team game
you don't win in Washington D.C. without
having a great team. And the people that are
on his team are being taught that. They've
got to be darn careful what they say on his
behalf because even if they repeat what he
said word for word he might change his mind.
This leaves us in one of two positions
they've got to muster enough votes to be
able to override him which is not going to
happen for a while. There's got to be a lot
more pain there. He's got to become
irrelevant or he's got to stick to what he
said. So it's going to have to last longer.
He's teaching people that he's going to
change his mind and you can't expect
somebody to make a deal with you, formally or
informally, if you're going to change your
mind. People make their decision over what's
the biggest loss? He's concerned about the
biggest loss of his base
And until he's really worried about losing
his base, he's not gonna make a deal.
