country all right you guys don't want to
do this we'll do this and I'm gonna rip
it yeah you know what you know what's
interesting is like my thing is just
this is my personal position just try to
be tasteful that's all that's all you
know you can be critical my my thing has
always been like this be cutting you
don't gotta be cruel so I don't have to
hold a decapitated head of a president
to show that I dislike you can you
imagine you know who did it yeah oh my
god my career would have been over but
but I think think about think about the
opposite when people are looking on Oh
Kathy Griffin's right imagine some
conservative comedian Jeff Foxworthy or
whatever holding up a decapitated head
of Barack Obama Elizabeth Warren Barack
Obama oh yeah we have been like this is
insanity so to me I'm like I'm all for
again an open marketplace of ideas may
the best idea win that was not a great
idea again you can be critical you just
you don't have to burn the entire
building down or go after Baron or you
don't have to do that don't have to be
