it's 90 degrees outside and I just get
back home for riding my bike and I
purposefully left my keys inside because
I don't like riding with anything in my
pockets so when I returned home I
realized that I didn't have my keys to
get in my house but I knew my son and
his cousin were playing video games in
the room right next to the garage
so as I'm knocking on the door and
waiting I'm like whoa wait a minute why
isn't anyone coming to open the door
then quickly I remembered and was so
thankful to the Most High that I'm no
longer the father that I used to be
years ago I mean before he was born I
would with my daughter I would think
that she's trying to play me or
something
and I'm so thankful now that I'm a
comprehensive man of the most high that
I can navigate through my emotions that
I can cry like a man I now understand to
understand the intent of those who love
me and those that I love I know my son
isn't purposefully ignoring me knocking
on the door so I patiently and politely
call the house phone say hey can someone
please open the door
and of course eagerly he comes to the
door and opens it for me now on the
spiritual side and I just got hit with
this how often when Christ is knocking
at our door or when there's something
that needs to be done where we could be
his hands and feet to resolve some
injustice conflict feed the hungry
clothe the naked shelter those who have
no place to stay
do we purposefully ignore his knock so
again let's always be willing to
self-reflect
this is the crib here you see when you
want maybe this is meant to be hey
what's up J yes I'm knocking but I told
no Nessie stay on the phone this must be
meant to be so I told him purposefully
because I wanted to video this you're
being video J but just just listen I
wanted to video this so I didn't want
him to answer the door
so this is his love for me that even
though I asked him son I'm about to
start recording don't answer the door he
hurt me knocking and still wanted to
come so do you understand now fathers
the importance of understanding your
children's intent if I were to yell it
at him or even curse to him and he had
that wasn't his intent to not open the
door he just couldn't hear the door me
knocking at the door because he was
playing the game so thanks Jason thanks
for calling but I'm good man all right
so I pray that blesses you are this
morning that's truly was unscripted so
