well definitely being sure I'm very
small so I mean I think everybody gets
picked on everybody feels different so
you know I I don't wanna like
that I had any harder than anybody else
and I'm sure that everybody feels like
they have a target on their back you
know so my thing was that I was short
but I think you know everybody kind of
has that thing that makes them feel
different so it's nice to be in a movie
about like a bunch of women who are
different and feel like they don't fit
in places and like that you find your
family yeah
the Bellas were never really alone and
they were always together so how was it
for you guys on set with so many woman
it's funny because they gave me the song
that I sing in the finale
they didn't decide what that song was
until two weeks before we filmed that
and two weeks is enough time to learn a
song and go into a recording studio and
sing it and you know be happy with how
you did
but two weeks when you are filming I
kept thinking like you know I need to
practice it I need to like sing you know
I'm not just saying it like to myself
quietly like I need to sing it full-out
and I realized like I never alone I'm
like I all I do by myself is sleep I go
home and I go to bed and I wake up and
I'm with you know all ten women all day
all the time so it was a weird thing to
realize like we are never by ourselves
like you know we basically go to the
bathroom and sleep by ourselves and
that's it
so I had to like basically just like go
for like long drives just to like learn
the song and sing it full-out because my
neighbors could hear me so I couldn't
sing it at night but you didn't sing at
home when abus knocked on the know what
do I mean well I didn't realize it until
so I heard one of my other neighbors and
I was like oh no they can hear me
because I have been practicing before
that how was the last day on set like
because you became like very touched to
each other well it was really emotional
and and we were like definitely getting
very you know teary eyed and stuff but
then when it was over we all went in
I think it was Chrissy's trailer and
like had champagne and cookies and date
like we were dancing and we're just
having a great time so we can get sad
but we also know how to throw a party
you are really really busy these days do
you have a lot of friends like that um
yeah I mean I I I do feel like the
friends that are in my life are the
people who understand like we live kind
of a crazy life and like I'm up and you
know I'm making a movie in Canada right
now and that means that like when people
you know are going out to dinner on a
Friday and I like I can't be there and I
think that's part of the reason why this
cast is so close because we're all in
the same industry and we get it and we
know how crazy it is and you know just
because we don't see each other for a
long time doesn't mean we're not close
so it's been a really amazing experience
to get to know them you also like you
steadily got like bigger bigger bigger
bigger but you also like stayed humble I
think growing and growing up with an
older brother who basically just you
know made me feel like you know I was
just the biggest loser on the planet my
whole childhood like you definitely
there's no version of yourself where you
wake up in the morning and you're like
I'm pretty much awesome so he keeps me
grounded
you also very active on Twitter and you
have a lot of fans who look up to you do
you feel like like you know your role
model of many do you feel like a little
pressure was that well you were happy
that you can be that I definitely think
about that but I think about who I was
as a young woman and the kind of things
that I responded to and I you know
definitely didn't like being talked down
to so I just try to talk to them like
talk to them I don't know whatever I
just like think of them as peers and you
know don't try to you know make things
like sanitized
