trying to keep track of em yeah I know
it's based on a terrible idea
so so how about yourself I mean you you
are an introvert aren't you I am
how why should we rely on you to tell us
how to talk to strangers yeah are you
saying the book would be better had been
written by an extrovert like you well
yes I mean I meet strangers all the time
no but exactly what the book you guess
you avoid strangers if you can but a
book written by you on the subject of
talking to strangers wouldn't be a book
it would just be this is really fun
for me it's quite interesting because I
think of this task is being
extraordinarily difficult so it's I'm
you know there's a there's a reason to
read me on the subject none whatsoever
did you did you in researching the book
and you spent six years working on did
it change your perspectives it made me
realize that I had been much too quick
to judge people so for example I no
longer believe in face-to-face job
interviews
and when I hired my last assistant I
hired her over the phone I didn't want
to meet her I thought it was too
dangerous to meet her cuz what can you
tell you meet somebody for half an hour
and you decide whether you want to work
for them
with them every day for the next what
can you tell from half an hour of a
face-to-face encounter everything that I
would have gathered from the
face-to-face portion is irrelevant to
the task of what it takes to be my
assistant right I would have learned how
she dressed whether she was attractive
whether she was tall or short whether
wouldn't do any of those things matter
none of the matter right what is it what
matters what matters is is she
intelligent conscientious does she sure
you know honest is you know kind
can you tell any of those four things
from meeting someone in 20 minutes face
to face know but they don't worry what
you're saying is that we are as we often
believe that we can read people from
like 30 seconds meeting yeah we are
somewhat naive by nature isn't that also
a good thing yes well so it is another
of the books of the argument in the book
is that we are trusting engines as human
beings we we're designed by evolution to
trust other people and that's why the
world works that's why we're able to
have meaningful communications and build
community and start companies and if you
distrusted everyone nothing could I
wouldn't have come out here on stage
this could be a hoax I would have you
know I would have asked everyone to show
me their
idea am I really in the sky skitters I
don't know if I'm you could have put a
sign up outside you understand how
impossible it is unless we trust every
step of the way but that means that we
will be deceived inevitably deceived on
some portion of our encounters and I
make the argument that we should well we
shouldn't fight that we should we should
just take that as the cost of being
human this is what happened to him he
was filmed with a hidden camera and it
was a setup by the Sun wasn't it by the
edges of the world yes and you spoke
freely and thought that nobody listened
of course I trust people because you
trust people but that I would point out
that's probably why you have been as
successful as you are who they were they
played a very cruel trick on you and
that is that they took advantage of your
best quality but I lost a lot of money
as well how intuitive were you when you
picked players like because you met a
player and you saw a player for like
yeah you see a lot of videos and you're
sending Scouts so you know that it's a
good football player but you don't
really know if it's a good man or not
you can try to control it we are other
coaches but when you work with him then
you will know if he's a good man or not
and a couple of times in my career I I
was wrong I trusted people players good
players but they were not good people
and I missed the job twice because of
that do you feel that you are often
misread I kind of like I can understand
that people have maybe different
expectations or when they meet me
because like I said I'm like a different
person when I play when I'm on the TV
then when I'm outside so I think people
might have the wrong impression like I'm
not like that all the time
that would be exhausting
yeah I think they think I'm a little bit
crazy it seems to me that you trust
intuition less and less anyway yes if
that is very true by as I grow older I
become less and less impressed by my own
powers of intuition by by the time I'm
really old I will have all but given up
I think look if you are a customs
officer you have to accept the fact that
your job is impossible and they will
tell you that by the way customs
officers if they're honest will tell you
they never catch anything you know this
when they have something it's just a job
they are to frighten you they're just
there is a it's a show it's a it's a
it's theater and their their ability to
tell from looking at you whether you
have drugs in your suitcase zero
mostly because if I was gonna smuggle
drugs into and through an airport I
would make sure not to look like the
stereotypical drug smuggler I wouldn't
wear chains and I wouldn't have baggy
jeans on and I would cut my hair and you
know I'd wear a suit and of course what
are they gonna do with a very
professional-looking middle-aged man
wearing a very expensive suit and
carrying a Louie Vuitton suitcase
they're gonna say come on through mr.
Gladwell and there it is you know ten
pounds of cocaine
yes what's the worst thing in history
that has happened because of Miss
Reading people yeah well I tell a story
in talking to strangers about um about
the way that Western leaders sized up
out of Hitler before the Second World
War and there is this really fascinating
paradox that the leaders the foreign
leaders who met out of Hitler before the
war were the ones who were most likely
to misunderstand him and those who
didn't meet him were the ones most
likely to understand him so Churchill
always perceived correctly that Hitler
was a monster who wanted to take over
Europe never met Hitler in his entire
life which I actually surprised me
Stalin never met Hitler Roosevelt never
met Hitler the person who met Hitler was
Neville Chamberlain who went to see him
repeatedly and then came back the Prime
Minister of England at the time and came
back home famously and said that he
believed that Hitler had no designs on
Europe that he wanted peace and and he
was completely deceived so that great
guy yeah that's what he said I feel that
trust me on that and so this notion that
somehow the act of meeting someone
face-to-face gives you access to some
privileged information about them is
nonsense think about how much better
served Chamberlain would have been if he
had stayed home in the Prime Minister's
house you know on Downing Street and
just read mine com all you had to do
with the man wrote a book about what he
wanted to do sitting home and doing his
homework Chamberlain was like all fly
and see him tomb you know in Munich no
stay home it's a long book it's like 600
pages yep you know it's not easy but
that's that will tell you the truth this
I mean what you're saying is I mean this
is bad news for datings
no no so it works in dating but dating
is a special category because when you
date someone you're trying to find out
something very specific which is are you
physically attracted to that person
that's essentially what you're doing it
right and that actually that's the one
situation we're face-to-face encounters
are absolutely crucial you really can't
tell whether you're physically attracted
to someone over
can you write more by reading the book
that they've written so but the problem
is we treat you no job interviews and
sizing up foreign leaders like their
dates
I mean Neville Chamberlain essentially
had a date with that off Hitler in 1938
and they knew they had a glass of wine
each and they chatted married told jokes
and he was like I'm you know he sort of
fell in love with him that's not what we
want our leaders to do when are you
misread oh I I assume I misread all the
time I mean how could I not be what
Walter what do you think it's the
biggest misconception about you well I
you know you mentioned that I am an
introvert which I am the biggest
misconception would be that I you know
enjoy chatting with strangers thank you
