that has happened because of Miss
Reading people yeah well I tell a story
in talking to strangers about um about
the way that Western leaders sized up
out of Hitler before the Second World
War and there is this really fascinating
paradox that the leaders the foreign
leaders who met out of Hitler before the
war were the ones who were most likely
to misunderstand him and those who
didn't meet him were the ones most
likely to understand him so Churchill
always perceived correctly that Hitler
was a monster who wanted to take over
Europe never met Hitler in his entire
life which I actually surprised me
Stalin never met Hitler Roosevelt never
met Hitler the person who met Hitler was
Neville Chamberlain who went to see him
repeatedly and then came back the Prime
Minister of England at the time and came
back home famously and said that he
believed that Hitler had no designs on
Europe that he wanted peace and and he
was completely deceived so that great
guy yeah that's what he said I feel that
trust me on that and so this notion that
somehow the act of meeting someone
face-to-face gives you access to some
privileged information about them is
nonsense think about how much better
served Chamberlain would have been if he
had stayed home in the Prime Minister's
house you know on Downing Street and
just read mine com all you had to do
with the man wrote a book about what he
wanted to do sitting home and doing his
homework Chamberlain was like all fly
and see him tomb you know in Munich no
stay home it's a long book it's like 600
pages yep you know it's not easy but
that's that will tell you the truth this
