turn on notifications so you don't miss
other videos like this because today we
are going to be talking about why
reality itself as we know it is not real
now initially this is going to be a
difficult concept to swallow something
that we won't want to believe and might
not believe regardless simply because of
many of the conditionings we are raised
with many of the propositions in the
mind that we use to understand the way
we live right now and you might be
wondering why it matters right how can
knowing this sort of information help me
in life what can I do with the
understanding that reality is not real
and only assume like there's really
nothing to be gained with such a video
as this but in truth if we can come to
understand what reality actually is
versus the way that we see it now the
reality that we perceive existence and
our own lives to be right now by really
getting to know what is going on what
this experience is and what it is not at
a fundamental level gives us a deeper
conscious and cognitive understanding in
the space of discernment in the space of
achievement and space of potentials that
our life can become we are no longer
stuck in a certain perspective of
reality or a certain way of things being
and so in a sense a bubble so to speak
around our existence or a box that we
all exist in even if we aren't aware of
these preconceptions that we all have
instead that pops that bubble pops that
box opens we become free and this can
only be done if we understand the
fundamental nature of what
is not so with that being said let's get
