most resources of everybody in the world
and the way we've succeeded is by
choosing what horses to ride really
carefully technically we try to look for
these technical vectors that that have a
future and that are headed up and you
know technology different pieces of
technology kind of go in cycles they
have their their Springs and summers and
autumns and then they you know go to the
graveyard of Technol
and so we try to pick things that are in
there Springs and if you choose wisely
you can save yourself an enormous amount
of work versus trying to do everything
and you can really put energy into
making those new emerging technologies
be great on your platform rather than
just okay because you're spreading
yourself too thin so we have a history
of doing that as an example we went from
the five inch floppy disk to the
three-and-a-half inch floppy disk with
the Mac before before other people right
we were the first to do that we made the
three and a half inch floppy this
popular Sony invented it and we we put
it in in the first products and there
were some good reasons we did that we
got rid of the floppy disk altogether in
1998 with the first iMac we also got rid
of these things called serial and
parallel ports and we were the first to
adopt USB even though Intel had invented
it you first saw it in Mass on IMAX and
so we have gotten rid of things we were
one of the first to get rid of optical
drives with a MacBook Air and uh I think
things are moving in that direction as
well and sometimes when we get rid of
things like the floppy disk drive on the
original iMac people call us crazy or at
least premature maybe no they call us
crazy oh okay and but sometimes you just
have to pick the things that look like
they're gonna be the right horses to
ride going forward and and flash looks
like a technology that had its day but
is really on is waning and html5 looks
like the technology that's really on the
ascendancy right now and to incorporate
