this is probably a bad example but I'm
gonna use it when this whole thing with
Gizmodo happened I got a lot of advice
from people that said you've got to just
let it slide you can't you shouldn't you
shouldn't go after a journalist because
they bought stolen property and they
tried to extort you should let it slide
Apple's a big company now you don't want
the PR you should let it slide and I
thought deeply about this and I ended up
concluding that the worst thing that
could possibly happen as we get big and
we get a little more influence in the
world is if we change our core values
and start letting it slide I can't do
that I'd rather quit you know you go
back five years ago what would we have
done if something like this happened you
go back ten years ago you know what
would you do if without going into that
it we have the same values now as we had
then we're maybe a little more
experienced certainly more beat up but
but the core values are the same and we
come into work wanting to do the same
thing today as as we did five or ten
years ago which is build the best
products for people you know there's
nothing that makes my day more than
getting an email from some random person
in the universe who just bought an iPad
over in the UK and tells me the story
about how it's the coolest product
they've ever brought home you know in
their lives that's what keeps me going
and it's what kept me going five years
