probably uses other technologies too but
it doesn't work on the iPad what if
people say you know the iPad is crippled
in this respect well you know well I'd
say two things number one things are
packages of emphasis some things are
emphasized in a products and things are
not done as well in a product some
things are chosen not to be done at all
in a product and so different people
make different choices and if the market
tells us we're making the wrong choices
we listen to the market we're just we're
just people running this company we're
trying to make great products for people
and so we're we have at least the
courage of our convictions to say we
don't think this is part of what makes a
great product we're gonna leave it out
some people are gonna not like that
they're gonna call us names it's not
going to be in certain companies vested
interests that we do that but we're
gonna take the heat because we want to
make the best product in the world for
customers we're gonna instead focus our
energy on these technologies which we
think are in their ascendency and we
think are gonna be the right
technologies for customers and you know
what they're paying us to make those
choices that's what a lot of customers
pay us to do is to try to make the best
products we can and if we succeed
they'll buy them and if we don't they
won't and it'll all work at
about so so you know so far I'd have to
