I was born and raised in Edgewater New
Jersey with my nine siblings in a
two-bedroom flat my dad was the
hardest-working man alive he worked as a
printing press Foreman during the day
and he washed trucks at night so he
could support his kids my mother was a
full-time housewife she was the best mom
in town and she adored her children I
always wanted to grow up and be just
like her I was a straight D student my
entire childhood I didn't learn until I
was much older that I had been dyslexic
but in those days you got labeled the
dumb kid and a nine sight that was a
gift because I had all day long to
daydream cuz I couldn't learn a thing
I've spent my entire life trying to
prove once and for all that I am not
Stuart that's the truth that's what
drives me I graduated from college with
a degree in education and I decided to
become a Lowell things and teacher I
hated it
I had 22 jobs before I landed the one
that would make me rich I was working as
a waitress at a diner and met a man who
became my boyfriend and he was the guy
who said with your personality you'd be
great in real estate sales
he offered to start a real estate
company he became my partner into a 51%
of the stock the company I started
rented apartments in New York City and
so my job was to run around town opening
doors for people and chatting them up
and I just loved every minute of it
within two years I had 14 agents and a
half a million dollars in sales five
years later my boyfriend came home and
announced she was marrying my secretary
so I would die on the day I divided the
business my boyfriend said you'll never
succeed without me when I started the
Corcoran Group people thought I was cute
but they didn't take me seriously inside
it was anything but cute I was dead
serious about becoming the largest real
estate broker in New York City the
Corcoran Group was the innovator in the
industry we were the first company to
sell real estate on the Internet Barbara
Corcoran her business is the creme de la
creme I was competing against giant
companies alone by men it was the old
boy network and I was not invited in a
lot of people think that being a woman
in business is a disadvantage but I saw
it as a great asset I was different than
the old guys that I was competing with
the undisputed champion by 2001 we have
more sales than any other competitor in
New York City and I realized my dream of
being the queen of New York real estate
had just come true when we're growing up
here this was a rough neighborhood it
was a factory town we were allowed to
play from that corner to that corner so
this one block was my world as a kid
everything happened here all 12 of us
lived on that ground floor there it's
not so big I still believe we all fit
there honestly this street is chock-full
of memories for me I have to pinch
myself at times to make sure it's all
real because everything I dreamt about
from the time I was little kids and now
has come truthfully when I think about
growing up in that two-bedroom flat with
nine siblings and now I have a penthouse
on Fifth Avenue New York City where I
could actually see my hometown from my
big Terrace I think to myself isn't this
a miracle I never know what life brings
pretty remarkable
[Music]
