it even though it was there in his head
so he gave language a lot of thought
very very important thing one of the
things that has emerged this year in the
conversation around several Oscar films
is you know people expecting or taking
issue with certain film saying they're
not historically accurate and this has
happened you know obviously it happened
with Selma to a lesser extent with the
imitation game do you feel like there is
this expectation in these feature movies
that is unrealistic of you know this
this is our history lesson seems to be
often an expectation it also undermines
the intelligence of audiences I think
people were canny enough now as a
populist going to see films about topics
of reality to know you know that these
are a stretch credibility they conflate
timelines they complete characters
sometimes people know they're not going
to watch a solids truth from start to
finish
and know that you know based on true
events this is what it's it's that nine
I don't know any film I've seen of this
ilk that doesn't say that no a film is a
film it's a two-hour piece of material
that takes you on a narrative journey I
think it's what more days drama as
opposed to what is documentaries you
know and nobody's trying to pretend that
this is a documentary you're trying to
get to the truth of that emotional core
of something which is different from
absolutely every single fact being
completely do we want truth from Picasso
Guernica you know just do you not get
understand the emotion or the intention
of this distorted image of destruction
through the abstract do you need a
photograph of it to understand it no you
look at that painting you get a lot of
what Guernica must have felt like the
destruction the terror the horror the
blood and the carnage and I did not
command our films got up to Picasso but
you know there is that there's that rift
between reality and art which is
endlessly fascinating for us I mean
whether they're fictionalized stories in
magical realism or symbolism in any
other than sort of pictorial reality I
think that's why we know we gravitate
towards poems you know we deal our lives
maybe prose but but but art is poetry
isn't it it's about extrapolating things
and creating a broader deepening
understanding that goes further than
reportage yet year after year it seems
like film after film this is something
that seems to be an evergreen you know
