years ago I decided to make it a
full-fledged social good campaign and
girl lavas ain't about two things one
from a local level it's just about
letting girls know that it's cool to
support other women because I feel
culturally that's not encouraged you
know everyone's talking about Taylor
Swift versus Katy Perry and the argument
that girls have in movies and how girls
have to fight over guys and it's not
very much so
spotlighted that women can support other
women that's cool
it's not just right it's cool cool being
the key word for young girls and the
second part of girl love is helping
women around the world
you know where there's education whether
it's rights whether it's health because
a big belief of girl love is one woman
cannot be successful women around the
world are struggling I really view
humanity like that even aside from girl
love I I don't feel that anyone can sit
there with a lot of money and fame and
think I'm really successful if other
humans in the world don't even have
water to drink I think real success is
making sure everyone on the planet has
those basic needs
that's what girl is all about it's about
banding women together and really
showing strength and sisterhood that's
