really getting out there and seeing
what's available and so then what are
the signs that somebody should look for
to know that okay this is something that
resonates I think okay I love sleep I
just do a verse that I love sleep but
there's some mornings when I wake up and
I'm like I don't even care how tired I
am I'm so excited about this day so I
think being excited to wake up also
you'll just see it in your energy I
think as well a little pep in your step
I have what I want
walking to set is really telling also
the people you surround yourself with I
think when you start to get surrounded
by people and my team is a great example
of this that really bring out the best
in you and you feel yourself growing and
learning and maybe a little more patient
or a little more creative or you think
about things a little differently any
type of evolution like that I think is
definitely science or doing the right
thing you know this this entire career
path has been everything but comfortable
no part of its come
so even on the days when I come home and
I think that was horrible the audition
was horrible I can literally feel part
of me evolving as like okay what you did
it and I you know for the next one what
to do you'll know what to expect for the
next one and those scary things are all
signs that you're doing the right thing
you're growing that's really interesting
and the concept of getting outside of
your comfort zone I know that's really
big for you how do you push yourself to
do that and how do you make sure that
you're getting something out of it
because I'll give you like a real fear
that I have for people because it's
exactly what happened to me so I forced
myself out of my comfort zone same thing
I know that famous quote like your your
dream worlds just on the other side of
your comforter and all that so I put
myself into business I was learning it I
was always behind always was
embarrassing myself and looking stupid
and so as I was gaining skills I was
also gaining a massive amount of anxiety
and so how do people make the most of
those moments of discomfort well you
know it's I'm happy that you touched on
anxiety because it's a real thing and a
lot of being an entrepreneur is
stressful and it is it does take a toll
on your body your mind and your health
and so something I believe to be equally
as productive as work is meditation and
taking some time to recover
I have something called rejuvenation
Sunday I mean it's in my calendar it
prompts up sometimes on that Sunday I'm
like need you to work but it's in my
calendar and it goes off every Sunday I
think taking those times to actually
consolidate those lessons and resetting
yourself is very very important because
at the end of the day we are beings I
get tired and we wear down and I think
that's important but making the most out
of stepping out your comfort zone I have
this thing where I like to visualize
things I know because it's easy to talk
about all of these things and then talk
about tumblr cause like cool success but
what are you're actually down to it's
hard it's hard walking into an audition
for an example and then doing really
badly and going home and thinking was oh
well I stepped out of my comfort zone so
I should be happy that's not a practical
thing that's gonna happen you're gonna
go home and be sad you're gonna eat the
ice cream I've done it I've done it all
the time but I think visualizing like
okay this is me this is my goal and I
literally do this with my hands every
time I haven't failure this is me this
is the goal there is nothing in between
there I need to create whatever between
there whether I do really well are
really bad that's gonna be a step and I
think visualizing every failure
a little stone towards where you need to
go is really helpful you talk really
powerfully about ownership and taking on
ah
so in those moments where you've just
fallen on your face and you're feeling
uber shitty and you want to go eat the
bowl of ice cream or maybe you're
knee-deep in the hog cause how do you
begin to like get yourself out of that
to tell yourself something that's that's
ownership based that's like this was me
I created this situation and so yeah the
reason I'm so big on ownership is
because I'm obsessed with efficiency and
I just look it's so much more efficient
to take ownership for things then to not
because if you don't take ownership for
something who's gonna fix it then it's
just hanging there in the air of this
old and solved problem that no-one's
addressing when you take ownership for a
mistake or decision or something you did
not even a mistake maybe a bad audition
you did you are then able to at least
work on it and improve for the next time
if you don't take ownership like oh is
the casting director always cuz I was a
sickos because of whatever you've
literally said okay I need to change
nothing now it's not in my control
taking ownership means you've taken
control to actually make a different
impact the next time you do that thing
so it's just the smart factual
scientific efficient thing to do and
when you take that control how do you
keep it from damaging your sense of self
oh yeah the tough one is what ice cream
helps as well here's the thing a lot of
this and I'd be lying if I said that I
was always super confident and always
you know feeling myself I'm not I have
days where I'm super low and I'm not a
roller coaster just like everybody else
it's okay to feel crappy sometimes I
think it's important to feel crappy
sometimes everyone should know what it
feels like to feel crappy because then
when you don't feel crappy like for
example when I was standing there and
you were introducing me you're like
highest paid from I thought oh my god
remember when I felt crappy and it's
really important moments when you don't
feel crappy but I would say your
self-worth has to come from not only
yourself but your environment I'm really
big on your physical spiritual and even
the people around you are really
important so when I went through a lot
of failures it was hard to dig myself
out when it was me alone in my bedroom
and my parents were downstairs not
because my parents are bad at prints are
lovely but they had no idea about the
world I was in or what I was going
through when I'm with my team and my
friends that are kind of
not only supportive but can really
relate to what you're going through and
its really helpful so how do you how do
you dig out of that obviously you got to
love yourself that might be hard
surround yourself with good people in a
good environment put sticky notes around
your room you know have things that make
you happy around your room my room and
my whole home is just like it's like a
positive rainbow Willy Wonka amazing I
have a drawer that's just full of
Skittles like it's not because I want to
eat it's just full of Skittles just
because opening the drawer makes me
really happy and I want to see that many
skittles every time I open the drawer I
so good I mean so what I'm feeling bad
or for addition I just go there's good
you know small things I've quotes all
around my house
I have certain friends that are my go-to
friends that not necessarily because
they give the best advice they're just
gonna listen they're gonna be there I'm
not gonna judge me it's a it's
impossible to think you can do these
things on your own you can do a lot of
it you're by yourself but you're gonna
reach a point where you're like I need
good people in a good environment to
pull myself out of these bunks that I
get from stepping out of my comfort zone
