together and what are some of the really
important parts of your code of beliefs
you know it was funny when I was writing
my book and I was sitting in my room all
alone I thought oh my god I think I'm
really smart honestly I was writing all
this stuff because like these are all
things I've done in my life and
experiences I've had but it wasn't until
I was compiling them in a book that I
thought oh these are just organized
lessons of my life and so the
book writing experience was liberating
for me and very educational for me as
well and I'm so glad that people that
read it feel the same way but the code
honestly came from being unhappy that's
the truth I think I learned how to be
happy because I know what unhappiness
felt like and I was able to dissect all
the reasons I was unhappy you know all
the reasons one of them blindly
following my sister doing what she was
doing listening to everyone else except
myself I'm not paying attention to all
the signs my mind and body were giving
me saying we're not doing the right
thing and I think having so much
experience in that dark phase really
helps you become better because how can
you become better if you don't know what
the worst version of yourself is and
