pushing you in a direction that wasn't
making you happy so how do you buck
against societal trends how do you push
against your parents like how do you
build the courage the self-confidence
maybe it's the vision to live a life
that hasn't been lived before the simple
answer is I had to prove it like there
was no fairytale scenario where I went
up to my parents and said I want to do
this let me do this I'm gonna go do this
now they were like come back here you
have a year to do this and they
literally told me if you don't get
anywhere in a year you're going to go to
grad school so I had a timeline on my
success where I needed to prove in a
year I could make something happen in
the entertainment industry gratefully
that worked out but not easily all they
wanted to know was that my daughter's
gonna be okay she's gonna be able to
sustain for herself and she's not gonna
be on the streets quite bluntly that's
what they wanted
and so I had to prove it I had to
take them to my shows they saw me
perform I had to go look here's a check
I got a check I bought this thing I
bought a camera I bought this with money
and had to prove to them that this could
become something because listen a lot of
our parents especially mine that are
from a different time in place it's not
that they want you to be unhappy they
just don't get it you know my mom grew
up in a time when like I said making
videos on the Internet she didn't have
the internet there wasn't even that
option it was literally like you're
gonna be a teacher a doctor a lawyer
that's what we know and that's that's
all so they weren't telling me to go to
school because they hate me we're
telling me to go to school because they
were like that's what you have to do
what else is there to do and I had to
teach them and I think there's a
learning curve that's really important
there so you've talked a lot about
