kickstart and do something that was
going to shake you out of that how did
you begin that process of building
something what does the the March to
success start with yeah for me honestly
was unplanned so it wasn't I think right
now we're in a time where a lot of
creators think YouTube is a very
sustainable platform and I want to be a
youtuber so let me be rich and famous on
YouTube when I started in 2010 that was
not a thing you know I was the last
person to catch on to YouTube all my
friends are watching this thing and I
was like what are you guys wasting your
time with on this video platform thing
it's gonna disappear and I spontaneously
one day posted a video not because I
thought it could be my job not because I
could thought I could make money from it
but literally because I was sad so the
story is that I was getting my
psychology degree and I wasn't
passionate about it you know I was doing
everything my sister had done before me
you know I was following her footsteps
blindly and after I graduated my dad was
like great now get your master's degree
and I was like okay this is I don't
think I could do this anymore I don't
I'm not passionate about any of these
things and so in that little funk I
discovered YouTube it's kind of like the
stars aligning perfectly and I posted a
first video really spontaneously it was
a spoken word piece about religion it
was very very very bad and it got 70
views and I think I just fell in love
with having a goal during that downtime
and learning something new something I
wasn't trained at psychology doesn't
really help that much with learning how
to use a camera and so I had to make it
up as I went along it was very same for
me speaking of making it up as you go
along so your book how to be a Baus nail
the pronoun
I know you were nervous everyone's
nervous right how do BIA you got a
practice nailed it nailed it you and
reading the book eh I was impressed
because it's really good and so that I
hope people really pick it up it's it
got a lot of stuff that's incredibly
usable and in it you were describing
what a boss is exactly it again um I got
you and what I loved about it there was
something and it's so surprising and I
wanted to ask you about it and you said
the boss is somebody that is hurt
efficiently yeah and I thought whoa what
does that mean how does one yeah it's
kind of another way of saying it is that
there's no failures there's lessons I
mean that's that's another way of
putting it but it's just this idea of
when I reflect back in my life and I
think about all the times I really
became a better person or a smarter
person it's because of something that
was very hurtful or painful or an
unpleasant experience and now I think
very often in the future now when I'm
when I'm through those experience it's
nothing avital we're all gonna get
heartbroken over and over again we're
all gonna deal with failures all over
again but it's how we think about those
moments in that moment so I've kind of
trained my brain to allow myself to be
upset when I'm heartbroken and allow
myself to feel failure but not be down
in the dumps about it for too long not
be like oh well I'm worthless or oh well
this is just how it's meant to be in the
world's against me getting hurt
efficiently means we're hurt how can we
efficiently learn a lesson in this
moment what could I have done
differently what could I expect it
differently how could I have reacted
differently so that the next time you
will be heartbroken which you will be
it's inevitable you're better equipped
to deal with it so you've got a lot of
codifications ways of conceptualizing
life and how things are and how you
should react to them you talk about
getting control of your mind where did
you begin to put all of this stuff
together and what are some of the really
important parts of your code of beliefs
you know it was funny when I was writing
my book and I was sitting in my room all
alone I thought oh my god I think I'm
really smart honestly I was writing all
this stuff because like these are all
things I've done in my life and
experiences I've had but it wasn't until
I was compiling them in a book that I
thought oh these are just organized
lessons of my life and so the
book writing experience was liberating
for me and very educational for me as
well and I'm so glad that people that
read it feel the same way but the code
honestly came from being unhappy that's
the truth I think I learned how to be
happy because I know what unhappiness
felt like and I was able to dissect all
the reasons I was unhappy you know all
the reasons one of them blindly
following my sister doing what she was
doing listening to everyone else except
myself I'm not paying attention to all
the signs my mind and body were giving
me saying we're not doing the right
thing and I think having so much
experience in that dark phase really
helps you become better because how can
you become better if you don't know what
the worst version of yourself is and
what are some of those signs of the mind
and body what do they look like what do
they feel like because I think this is
something that people struggle with a
lot yeah people often ask me they watch
my vlogs my second vlog channel where
I'm doing a whole bunch of stuff in a
day you know when today for example I
already had two meetings I'm like I'm
here I'm gonna go home and go prep first
she I do so many things in a day and
people like how how do you do this like
what does the trick it's because I
really love what I do and I'm really
passionate about what I do and I think
one of the signs my body and mind were
giving me before is that I would get
lazy really quickly I would get tired
really really quickly I would cut
corners and come up with little
justifications as to why that was okay
like I would be studying for my psychic
stuff and being like oh well like you
know is this section really important
probably not you know we'll just skim
this over I don't do that with what I'm
doing right now I'm really thorough and
I think that's a sign of doing the right
thing of course if I'm real we don't
always have that luxury you know we
don't have the luxury of doing what we
want to do all the time so it's
important to kind of pay your dues and
that way the first video I made sucked
it's totally suck my body wasn't like
this is the right thing to do you know I
had to pay my dues and get better at it
but I think you shouldn't just not try
because if to pay your dues I want to
talk about that so what I love in that
and you've got the whole thing of take
the stairs over the escalator and that
your whole path to success has been the
stairs it's been the long run it's been
the slow build which is amazing and you
talk about that creates a much better
foundation so if this is a process about
the book I'm so this is like more than
like a little synopsis you read this is
very good
yes sir subscribe thank you and what
what I really want to know so if this is
a process like okay so I begin to
recognize the things that that are
making me tired fatigued and these are
signs that I'm not on the right path but
I know the next question is gonna be so
how do I find the right path what what
is that process yeah you know for me I
went through this phase where I just
stopped saying no to things so when I
first started youtube I thought okay I'm
I'm opening the gates up to this new
platform and this new type of creation
I've never done before
but I've also started going to shows
more often I start to meet different
types of people I think a big part of
finding out what's right for you is stop
confining yourself to a path that you've
been convinced is the path this what I'm
doing right now is nowhere on the path
for a young Indian girl that's a part of
my family like this is nowhere on the
path it was very much so go to school
and get married and have kids and that's
the success if you if you're able to
have those kids and give my mom some
grandkids you're successful and I think
it's about really stepping outside of
that and exploring whether that's in
school and taking classes that you might
not take at first glance whether it's
going and experiencing different types
of arts meeting different types of
people making new friends I think
there's so much out there that you don't
even know exists and I'm a testament to
that I make videos on the internet ask
my mom if she thought that could have
been a job when she was growing up you
know so I think it's all about just
really getting out there and seeing
what's available and so then what are
