there you can at least be really honest
about it the example I gave in the book
is I have major trust issues I openly
admit that everyone watching is like
preach girl same I know we can all
relate but it's when you when you dig
deep down you'll you'll find the reason
for those trust issues is either
something you can work on and then
hopefully you can fix or something you
simply cannot and my bucket for that
leaky faucet is every relationship I get
into literally I tell them this exact
center like listen I have really big
trust issues if you lie to me I will not
be able to forgive
you I'm telling you right now that's why
I'm single first date that's what I say
but don't you know but it's true that's
what I say I say I want to it's not that
I don't want to forgive you every part
of me will want to forgive you if you
lie but I will not be able to I'm openly
telling you this right now so that you
know if you lie that's gonna be the
leaky faucet that comes out and all
you're gonna have is a bucket you're not
going to fix it so it's about addressing
it and being honest like that there's
not solutions every problem that's okay
at least you know the problem at least a
problem isn't that you don't know the
