so my time is short let me summarize
what I had to say today so how do people
end up loving what they do for a living
well we know that follow your passion
sounds good but it's too simplistic the
more common story is that they
systematically build up a skill passion
grows along with the skill you can't
have a good job until you're good at
something and in knowledge work deep
work and the different rituals and
habits that surround it is what's going
to help you build up those skills and
therefore build this working life that
you really love so to bring it back to
where we started if we look back to
Steve Jobs we see actually this is what
he did so he might have stumbled into
Apple Computer but once that opportunity
was there he was obsessive about
building things are actually a value to
the world and he as he did this better
and better as he became more valuable to
the world he became more and more
passionate about what he did for living
so if I had to summarize this in one
phrase I'd say if you want to love what
you do do what Steve Jobs did and not
what he said thank you
