and that's another deeper message that
I've intended to be in the humor sure
sure would you say that this humorous
self of you is really your true self no
I would say it's definitely a part of my
true self I think you know sometimes
people get confused
hey I watch your comedy videos and I saw
you have these serious videos and I'm
confused by you are you are you a
comedian or are you serious and my
answer is yes and you know there there
are two parts that help make the whole
of me and Timmy it's just like asking do
you have a right hand or left hand it's
like well I have both and to me part of
the beauty of life and I think my
journey of being as much myself as I
possibly can in any given moment is to
be dynamic you know which which aspect
of me am I in touch with in any given
moment
sometimes it's the humorous aspect of me
sometimes it's the very sincere aspect
of me and other times like it's a
vulnerable a specter a sad hurt part of
me so to me really kind of like mental
