from the beautiful question I'm curious
you know with the fame and recognition
you've acquired how do you deal with it
and how if at all do you feel challenged
by it
mmm question because I would you know
I'm looking at myself I would think that
I actually had a bigger ego like earlier
in my 20s in my mid-20s and then what I
do now now maybe my team or some people
around me would say I still have a big
ego I like to think that I ground myself
I'm very grateful I'm humble you know as
much as I can be but I'm sure there I'm
more humble than you you are you're
competitive over sorry but I think that
uh you know I'm also a very confident
guy and I think that people can take it
the wrong way sometimes so I know inside
that every morning you know I'm the best
meditator in the world better than you
and I'm able to you know be more
grateful than everyone else in my
practice now when it's seriously I feel
like I'm costly aware of it I'm constant
way of like okay was I had jerk was on
an a-hole or was
like leading with my ego or was that
just me being a comedy human being yeah
being in certainty and so I think
there's like a fine line and I could
obsess over it like yeah although was I
too egotistical or too confident that I
hurt someone in this way like I'm also
just gonna lean into being myself and
lifting others up as much as possible I
love that and not worrying about like if
I offended so many people and how I said
some certain things so I do my best to
you know show compassion and humility
when I can and and I hope that others
can see that and I think that people the
right people can and maybe the wrong you
know the people who aren't open to that
or have their own challenges aren't able
to see that and they think I'm an
egomaniac for all I know so yeah I'm not
sure what the full question was but yeah
