that which i think is beyond me through
religious practices do you think
religion is good or is it isn't one of
the causes of all the wars I think
people are the causes of wars I think
how people interpret religion is what
creates words I think religion is just a
power potential and any power potential
just like humor I think has the
potential to be constructive or
destructive connective or disconnected
so I think a lot of people think they're
experiencing a religion but I think what
they're really experiencing is
themselves their values their judgments
therein tolerances their needs projected
on terror religion and then they justify
themselves but I say no this is the
religion it's not me so in by the way we
can't question that now you can't
question me you can't question my sense
of certainty because I've just played
the trump card this is the religion
can't question it if you question it
I'll get angry because I'll feel I'll
feel threatened about my beliefs yeah my
beliefs like what I am to the world and
what the world is to me yeah it's a
