part of the answer is I'm gonna be very
excited to discover it let's go on and
what's your biggest fear my biggest fear
is losing myself it really is there's I
mean and I know you have a degree of
fame and notoriety as well and my ego
scares the crap out of me
I mean just like going to a coffee shop
and having a bunch of people come up
when I take pictures of me with me it's
I mean there's like so much gratitude I
feel like wow I still appreciate you can
still write yeah yeah the heart has
granted kids gratitude and then the ego
significance so hey you've seen the
movie The Lord of the Rings yeah so that
says so much to me about what happens
inside of me like you know Frodo was the
only one who could carry the ring didn't
have the ego yeah and it was still
challenging for him yeah but everybody
else would be consumed they would lose
themselves feeding off this thing
that can't possibly satiate you so it
scares me the idea that I would lose
myself in pursuit of significance and
recognition that's not where my heart's
at but it's a temptation of my ego and I
