started the journey of helping myself
and helping other people okay what was
the biggest pain you were trying to
overcome whether you realize you need to
overcome I would and it took me a while
to realize it to be honest with you but
I would say numbness I think and I'd
love to hear your perspective on this
but I find when we're physically numb
psychologically none it's the most
tormenting experience we can have you
know and I think it's paradox because
it's like paradoxical it's so painful
that we don't feel the pain that we're
in and it's like a lot of us can really
relate like if you've fallen asleep you
wake up in the middle of night you've
been laying on your arm it's like oh
this is numb like it's like unnerving or
you sit on the toilet scrolling Facebook
too long as I go how my legs are numb
but that was my beam I was just numb
because as a child teenager
I didn't know how to process my emotions
so just I think at a very unconscious
level I would disconnect and I'd have
the illusion like oh my pains not there
because I don't feel it but I do believe
that just because we don't see smell
hear taste or feel something doesn't
mean it's not there and I've found for
my life and in working with lots of
clients that what we don't know about
ourselves tends to really really control
and dominate our life so becoming more
emotionally sensitive you know breaking
the threshold of my numbness has been I
think my biggest breakthrough and and
