in the tradition of the school of
greatness I love it
you got a new book out called how to be
ultra spiritual twelve and a half steps
not twelve not thirteen twelve and a
half steps to spiritual superiority and
I'm very excited about this a funny
funny book meant to be more humor right
not really meant to teach as much as
more to bring light to certain things
that correct well here's my bias point
of view yes I like to share my
perspectives through the language of
humor yes so using humor comedy I mean
to me certainly one of the purposes of
the book is experience the levity of
laughter I think we all take ourselves
too seriously but also my deeper
intention is for deeper messages to be
delivered through the language of humor
so a couple of those messages that I've
intended to be embedded in the book and
that's always for the reader to
determine are those messages actually in
it I had to beholder kind of thing right
but I love to advocate for people to let
go of that which served you that no
longer serves you just like we take in a
breath and we let it go as soon as it
stops serving us so we can bring in a
fresher breath and then I love to
advocate for pee
to be unapologetically their true self
and that's another deeper message that
I've intended to be in the humor sure
