I know you think people are gonna be
interested in this but they're not I've
probably been working on this for two
years two years I mean usually I write a
bit in a couple days it's a long time to
spend on something that means absolutely
nothing but that's what I do that's what
people want me to do is spend a lot of
time wastefully so that then I can then
waste their time comedy writing is
something you don't see people doing
it's a secretive thing I've never shown
anybody this stuff I feel a little funny
about it right now to tell you the truth
[Music]
in comedy what you do is you think of
something that you think is funny and
then you go from there it's a fun thing
to say pop-tart I like the first line to
be funny right away when I was a kid and
they invented the pop-tart the back of
my head blew right off and that that got
the whole thing started that a specific
part of my head blew off not just my
head but just the back it was the 60s
and we had toast
we had orange juice that was frozen
years in advance that you had a hack
away out with a knife to get a couple of
drops and it felt like you were
committing a murder before you got on
your school bus then I talked about
shredded wheat which was like wrapping
your lips around a wood chipper you have
breakfast and then you had to take two
days off for the scars to heal so you
could speak again
[Music]
you always write on always yeah yeah no
I don't like that cursor flash and
looking at me like so what do you got
mm-hmm yes the the BIC clear barrel blue
which I wrote every episode of Seinfeld
the TV series with that pen Larry and I
used to we used to write him longhand
because you can't be in this oh that's a
drag so in the midst of that dark and
hopeless moment the pop-tart
suddenly appeared in the supermarket and
we just stared at it like an alien
spacecraft and we were like we were like
chimps in the dirt playing with sticks
what makes that joke is you got chimps
dirt playing and sticks and seven words
for them are funny chimps chimps are
funny
then there's the trying to America as a
kid how did they know that there would
be a need for a frosted fruit filled
he-double rectangle in the same shape as
the box it comes in and with the same
nutrition as the box it comes in in the
midst of that darkness and hopelessness
the Kellogg's pop-tart appears and there
was laughs there because that indicates
always telling us a story and then my
next joke that I'm want to get to is
chimps in the dirt with sticks so now
I'm looking for the connective tissue
that gives me that really tight smooth
link like a like a jigsaw puzzle link
and if it's too long if it's just that
split second too long you will shave
letters off of words you count syllables
you know to get it just it's more like
songwriting
[Music]
