are so passionate about their religion
as well and is that healthy you see when
I watch your audience is getting whipped
up if I was playing devil's advocate
quite literally I would say that
sometimes when you see somebody being
overzealous too extreme whatever the
religion whether they are Muslim they're
Christian whatever it may be it it feels
a little edgy a little dangerous when
you see that how do you don't you deal
with that you try and calm people down
no I think when you say whipped up I
want them to go out excited about life
go out be excited this week about being
a blessing to somebody else meet
somebody else's needs so I see it not
you know not being excited to go out and
beat somebody down and push my religion
down their throat go out and be alive go
out and buy somebody's dinner so you
know I see it I see it in that sense
lifting others yes but what do you do if
