you say that you know he's not saying
sin but it's like you almost nothing oh
yeah well to me I just I'm not I'm not
the one to judge and say you know who's
bad and who's good otherwise you'd have
to go through everybody you know
everyone else except you know what I got
some pride or I've got I had a evil
thought the other day those are sins - I
don't know that God is judging sins on
different levels but we pick out that
one so I mean our message if I mean you
know if you listen to my message there
about lifting people up and so it's not
I mean I really talk about that
homosexuality when we get on the
interviews yeah but not I'm curious what
would you say to a homosexual watching
this what did it how did they change
what do they have to do to change to be
better people well I believe it's a I
don't know that I understand it all I
believe it's a process but I believe
that God can give us grace to change
we've seen people break addictions and
do other things as well so in addictions
I mean look I've done a bang on about
this but did an addiction to alcohol or
drugs or something is one thing you know
being gay you're gay there's so much you
can do about it it's not something I
don't believe it's something you choose
to be yeah I don't know is it much
harder than just an average addiction
yeah it is it is it's a difficult issue
I don't I don't understand all the
answers and but I just come back to the
what I read in the scripture I can't
ignore that I don't have saying it again
I don't know that I understand it all
but I come back to this we're for people
it's not going to do any good to you
know bash people and say you're second
class or you're this I'm not you know we
have gay people that come to our church
and sit there we have people from
different faiths and so it's an issue
that you know it's a hard issue and I
don't know that I fully understand it
kind of it's true
