when you watch him up there in the
pulpit doing his thing
you must think wow look at look at my
husband I do I think he is you know the
thing is is he makes it look so easy but
the truth is he works really really hard
and he dedicates himself and he focus
focuses himself on what he's gonna say
and it's very important to him
everything that he says he takes it
really tired come up with these 15
minutes each week ya know it's about 30
about 25 20 25 yes so you know a 25
minute address which you memorize right
I do
I'd you ever use notes well I'll run I
type what I'm going to say but I have a
good memory if I go over it a few hours
I can get it it's extrude rate there you
are you wander around and you're and you
seem so on top of it I've seen very few
people that can do that on a consistent
basis you know my mother had a great
memory and I found with your memory the
more you use it the better it gets
I mean it's easier for me today 10 years
later you know you get it down in your
