knowing your Creator
I see civil partnerships being
sanctioned you think that's wrong yeah I
think it's I think it's wrong but I'm
not gonna bash those people I'm not
gonna be against those people they're
they're good people
I say it's wrong because that's what the
scripture says and you know what I
choose to live my life but what I've
what I read in the scripture see I mean
if I had saved a friend of mine like
Elton John yes
watching this at home who was his
partner a civil partner David Furnish
have just had a surrogate child which
was born on Christmas Day and they're
gonna be pretty angry while they're here
I think everything who are you to call
them a sinner yeah why are they sinners
in your eyes well it's triplets strictly
back to what the scripture says I mean I
can't I can't grab one part and say God
wants you to be blessed and live an
abundant life and not grab the other
part that says you know what you know
live it live that kind of life so I just
you know comes back to the scripture I'm
not the judge you know God didn't tell
me to go around judging everybody I'm
