apologize but what you did to us I was
like what they put you on the map but
see that's the game man it's just a
mentality but what I'm here to tell
people and I'm here to tell everyone
it's good news this is good news here we
go good news is sports itself it's just
a small party of life and this is what I
try to tell be but that's a I've never
been more successful than I am now ever
and I'm not the only one see a lot of
people say well you were special you're
Terry crea but it ain't nothing special
about me nothing not one thing special
about me is the fact that I had the
courage to do it the courage to just go
out there because there's so many
athletes who now when they're done they
get depressed and they're out good cuz
the thing is enough for athletes MBA
athletes what happens is you become your
wins you are now bigger better than
everybody but when you lose and when you
out now you worse than everybody and you
had a uni son I always got to tell these
guys don't that that has nothing to do
with your worth as a human being
period and that's my message to all
these athletes that your life starts
when the game is over y'all the thing is
