movies ain't even counting over 60 major
films let me tell you something life
begins and I look I'm not even done I'm
designing a furniture right now I'm my
own furniture line out right now and
look I don't even know what I'll be
doing let me sit and see the thing is
you gotta know who's bad like valuing
you when NFL stopped valuing me I was
done when Hollywood stops valuing me I'm
done you cannot let people treat you
like you are not valuable and then I'll
move on to the next thing I'll be
sitting there painting on the corner I
only go where I'm invited I'll only go
where I'm valued and that's it that's it
when you've done valuing me out but the
problem is these dangling carrots people
got they got people running around hey
take your clothes off do some crazies
man and they want your dangling carrots
I'm like no I do it when you see me
doing anything I'm doing I wanted to do
it in fact it's about thing you know you
see Old Spice I came up with that you
know when you see 49 you know I'm glad I
could do it 39 glad I'm 49 years old
Jim every day about two hours two hours
a day loving it
knowing knowing that my best days are
still ahead of me and it what's
happening is he's pleased football
players and basketball players a lot of
athletes think their best days has
already happened man and that's the hard
