but the deal was I saw the success
afterwards as an actor and then I went
to literally I go to South Africa I'm on
sunday morning i'm looking for NFL
scores I can't find him
no here's I go to Brazil and I'm on
Sunday morning I can't find NFL scores I
go to Hong Kong I can't find the NFL
anywhere else in the world I'm in Europe
I can't find it
dude it's a trick no one else cares
about the NFL but you would think that's
a whole world care and they trick
everybody into thinking it's all about
this and it even starts at the NCAA
level when you're talking about a
billions of dollars changing hands and
brothers chose they need to get these
guys with we're bad relationship with a
family no dad's the whole thing now NCAA
is your is your father okay and you
can't get no money
we can't pay but you see that your coach
has a four million dollar shoe deal okay
you're talking about massive
exploitation yeah specifically
african-americans and you gotta go hey
man like okay we can't get none of that
money first of all the fact that you can
say well your means your amateur but
look you can pay me if you pay me
$10,000 to play baseball I was still
suck of the only thing that determines
amateur and professional is skill level
ain't mad about money ain't out of money
we've talked about we talked extensively
