of their issues when it comes to female
sexuality mm-hmm sorry and obviously I
mean director like Linda Abramson you
know has an imagination but I mean did
you ever worry that you weren't gonna
find those collaborators who yeah Oh
totally totally it was really painful
for a very long time because I never
felt like I fit in at all I think that's
why the SAG nomination in particular was
very moving to me because I realized
like I had never been part of any Club
in my life like I'm a member of the Los
Angeles mushroom Society not it's not
psychedelics it's just mushroom and zag
I mean oh and I'm scuba certified those
are like my things and so to be taken in
in that way it was so cool like I got
bullied in school I was always like the
weird one and so to find a place because
I've always felt like I saw things
differently and for a while I felt
shamed for that I felt like it was it
was wrong that I didn't want to go in
and just just go in in the Jean
miniskirt who cares like what is it
hurting you but there was always
something to me that felt like when does
this stuff stop if it doesn't stop with
me
and I just kept putting it out on the
line of like I realized that I would
rather go flip pancakes that do pars
then then be somebody that I'm not
then then be in a movie where I have to
play something that I think is a poor
representation of what it is to be a
human being and I do think that movies
