first of all his little brother Jake
loves you and what's been the hardest
obstacle you've had to conquer I'm sorry
it's the hardest obstacle in your career
to conquer and what did you glean from
that PS you rock
yes thanks I mean really it's a bigger
thing but really the biggest obstacle I
ever had to overcome was the Jean
miniskirt which sounds it's very
specific but it is for so much of my
career once I once I basically got boobs
from the time I was boobs until this
moment
I can't tell you how many times I would
go in and audition and they'd be like
can you come back sexier and you can't
believe that that's a real thing that's
someone's saying she's like love what
you're doing totally play Adam Sandler's
girlfriend at 18 years old perfect
perfect age is not a problem we need to
come back and sex it up and I felt like
every time that that thing for me in
particular there was all the other ones
that was like you're too tall you're not
funny enough you're not pretty enough
you're too pretty you're not this you're
too much of that all of those things
like we're sort of they did bother me
but the thing that bothered me the most
was being reduced to being a sexual
being and to be rude and then it and I
tried it like one or two times and you
just feel cheap you just feel weird and
