about to show these boys how we do it
you ready for the faster day you talked
unsaid about sort of all the
expectations around this film or on this
character and how you can't necessarily
control how people are gonna react to it
how people are gonna feel about it but
what has playing this iconic role meant
to you for me it's been profound
personally I have found a level of
strength that I didn't know I had I feel
like I've been pretty open about the
fact that like I'm definitely an
introvert and so putting myself out
there in a public way like with this
film or even owning that type of like
stance and like power that Carroll holds
felt like kind of silly to me and seemed
like a big hurdle I'm I can do things
that are very internal but sort of
opening up felt felt difficult so being
able to spend this time doing that has
just prepped me for a different way of
living my life now that I'm really
excited about so whatever happens with
the movie is sort of it's sort of
secondary so I feel like the personal
journey that I've been on with it they
