and I think it was a good thing for me
to be done I talked about shooting at
the last episode two-parter
mm-hmm well I mean we've shot scenes in
between crying it's how it felt it was
overwhelming
it was overwhelming did you expect that
yes I did I mean I
I remember Jennifer was crying early on
like even you know like the beginning of
that you know partial season and we'd be
like oh no you can't start now look
what's gonna happen we can't it's gonna
be sad enough well but I've no I mean it
is healthier when you feel it you
express it you know but um no that last
one was ridiculous that was a lot of
crying yeah it was just so I don't know
sad or it was just a big deal to be done
at the end of an arrow anyway yes the
end of also yeah was sad because the end
of doing something that we loved the end
of spending every day with these people
you know this is the last time we're in
this set ever I know it's fake but still
you know Matthew Perry gave me a gift
that I I mean it's the most cherished
it's this cookie jar that was in Monica
and Rachel's apartment and there's a
clock face on it and he gave it to me
because I don't know what season I had
or maybe was that season I don't know
but I had a scene where I was supposed
to say oh look at the time I had to go
well I wasn't wearing a watch because we
had we rehearsed it but no one thought
thought about it and I couldn't as we're
shooting and the audience is there and
it's coming ups like oh I'm about to say
look at the time I don't see a watch
there's no clock anywhere I don't have a
watch there's no clock
so I point to the cookie jar ecstatic
Lymon ooh look at the time I gotta go
stop after work Matthew what did you
point to the cookie jar but see look at
the time it's the dumbest fix I mean I'm
so lame
then David Crane came like what are you
guys laughing at it's such point to the
cookie jars are doing it it was so
