what's the quickest way from zero to 100
grand I'm gonna be giving out a thousand
bucks but more importantly give a man a
fish feed him for a day teach someone to
fish feed him for a lifetime fastest way
from zero to 100 grand I've seen so many
bizarre theories on the fastest way from
zero to a hundred grand if you want a
real one that actually works I'm gonna
do it in real time right here this is a
case study this may be the most
important video you've watched in a
while I know that sounds cocky but I'm
serious listen and you'll see here's how
you go from zero to 100 grand even if
you don't live in a big city even if
your have no money to start with even if
you're 18 years old 80 years old it
doesn't matter okay who here Josh Rick
favorite restaurant in LA yes
catch I asked him before so I'd have it
ready I'm on a google catch la this this
all right I'm gonna do it manually here
you go you go to catch LA this is how I
would go from 0 to 100 I'd get this
person who owns this business to pay me
$25,000 this year and then I'd do it
four times that'd be a hundred grand
with nothing but the internet so first
of all you got to do your homework step
number one do a little bit of homework
identify potential customers you're
gonna have to get somebody to give you
the money legally this is not how to rob
a bank that could work but it won't work
for long so I go to catch LA I'm doing
my homework cuz I'm gonna get a meeting
number three meet the owner fastest away
from 0 to 100 grand so I do a little
homework on a business it could be any
business I just picked a random one that
we at my office somebody likes to eat
here I go to their website now I create
the needs list I'm gonna find everything
wrong with this restaurants website real
fast
I spent an hour on it I'd find like a
thousand things but let me just do okay
first though if they have a pop up of uh
of YouTube let's see okay first of all
it's not even a real picture it's a
drawing of a restaurant which is very
bizarre okay let's watch this video
because I'm compiling my list okay
I'd stop right there idiotic nobody
wants to watch a video of the restaurant
being constructed I like the restaurant
cuz I want to eat there
okay compiled list video wrong double
