thing for actors so that they feel like
they're in a theater but all the actors
were flipped out completely flipped out
because they can't see who's out there
if it's like 20 people out there
when you're up there auditioning and
they were so like thrown and put like
who can audition well like they just
sent you up for failure who could
possibly do a good job and these were
all actresses that I knew from I didn't
know them but I knew of them from TV
like these are great actresses and oh my
god she'd be perfect as Phoebe like
Phoebe has nothing to do with me she's
like this sort of ditzy new-agey sort of
you know ah that has nothing to do with
me I mean I couldn't be a more like
rational practical jappy you know like
this like jatt from the valley all right
you know who's playing Rachel I mean
that feels more like I didn't even see
like Rachel's the romantic
interest I'm just like character
character what's the character and all
these girls that were great actresses
and they really were bumping up against
the audition process and couldn't cope
they just couldn't cope with the
audition process just storming out I
don't know who could do a good job
there's like 20 people in there oh my
god
and I just thought but when you shoot
this in front of a live audience there's
gonna be at least 200 people in the
audience I mean if that's gonna get to
how's this ever gonna work you know so
you know I just went in and did my
audition I never looked I was happy not
to see who anyone was I don't want to
know if you know the head of Warner
Brothers is there I don't want to know
if Warren Littlefield is in the room I'd
ever want to know which one he is
I don't I don't want to know I just want
to be able to pretend that whoever I'm
talking to is the other character and
you know whatever I have a whole world
to imagine I can't be bothered with
who's in the audience you know so anyway
so I was the one able to cope in every
audition there was a different person me
and a different person and the other
person was auditioning for maybe the
other Phoebe was always a different
person it's like Jesus what's going on I
don't know what's going on that's where
I was good at it because I was like
what's going on well I don't know what's
going on so just go do your thing and
