of themselves but as a tool to get you
health wealth love and happiness you're
about to see a series of videos and
before I get into that I want to give
you the big picture right here so this
is kind of the jump start video to get
you going and then you can watch uh the
rest of them which will be step by step
a little bit more in depth but the first
thing to know is that book right there
I'm just picking a random one I've been
reading Jack Welch book winning will
give you kind of all the components
really fast and then I'm going to
explain them in the subsequent videos
right when I give you the big picture
because I hate when people save all the
good stuff for later so the first thing
is what's my what's my reading ritual I
have three reading rituals I read
morning lunch afternoon I set intervals
I like 15 minutes in each interval
that's 45 minutes I have a timer I have
my book in the mornings I read classic
the soap of the brain at afternoon I
used to take a nap I read a how to
business relative it to my career or
relative to my health you know something
that gives me a tangible the morning
classics are more big-picture philosophy
I get technique then at night I read
biographies to help me go to sleep and
to give me courage we'll talk more about
that in a second or in the next videos
ah then I get the book I have a certain
amount of ingredients I have with each
book obviously the book is the first one
secondly where I'm sitting I like to not
sit if at all possible Daniel Lieberman
or uh yeah Daniel Lieberman the harbor
professor says sitting is not part of
the natural physiology of the human body
so the best is to lay down put your feet
up ah or you know that's my preferred
technique resting all while my feet are
up so I got that set can't always do it
cuz sometimes I eat at the same time but
when I can like embed it for lunch
taking a nap or at night put my legs up
then I like to have a bookmark and I use
fancy fancy ones like this napkin that
happened to me I use whatever then I use
a single simple black pen so that I can
just take notes I take notes write in
the book never be afraid in my opinion I
write right here I just circle the big
concept and occasion if it's amazing
I'll write a few
words in my own words here then I also
sometimes write the best stuff in the
back but we're gonna get to more on how
to do that I'm just giving you the big
picture okay then I like my iPhone if
it's a great book I'll buy it on my
iBooks too so that I can take my most
important notes by highlighting them
with my finger here and then they're
stored forever so if I happen to lose a
book
I'll have them here that's optional just
telling you what I do okay then I have
my timer on my iPhone you can have any
kind of time or your Android or a real
timer I said it I divide how many
minutes I want to read per day I like to
read 45 minutes minimum a day so I
divide it in three intervals 15 minutes
of pop I set that thing for 15 minutes
I've got this book boom
I've got parameters now I for one or two
seconds I think what's the endgame goal
reading this book okay I was reading
this book because I wanted uh you know
like management I needed how-to I'm
hiring a lot of people saw it go in
there with intention and I go I'll be
good to just get one nugget this guy
Jack Welch built a company added four
hundred billion dollars in net worth to
the market cap of GE I'm not going to
learn everything this guy learned in 40
years building a half a trillion dollar
network for a company in 15 minutes but
I can get one golden nugget so then I
start by the table of contents I read
the Nuggets I read the a jacket I want
to know why I should trust Jack Welch
that unlocks the authority bias in your
brain so you'll learn faster I read the
jacket I read what other people say then
I start in after the table content I
read the first chapter and the
introduction sometimes they're one in
the same sometimes there is no
introduction but I find an introduction
first chapter and then I move to the
last chapter then I come back to the
table of contents and say which chapter
will most fulfill what I'm trying to get
in this case it was learning about
management and I'll read one or two more
chapters depending on how much time I
have now I do know how to speed read but
what you're learning now is what I call
smart reading there is a difference so
