[Music]
every time you look on social media and
there's someone standing up for
themselves to me that that's a modern
feminist I think you see modern feminism
really everywhere and so much more that
probably would have seen before I
definitely like to be firm step roles
and you know I was raised like that I
just want my kids to be kind at peace no
matter what they end up doing or
becoming that they're just happy when
the kids go to bed
I just love to lay in bed in my robe and
watch TV
I really regret all the junk food that I
eat like it really bothers me that I
don't have more self-control I think
when you have kids it keeps you
motivated I feel good when I get up and
go to work that makes me happy thanks to
not follow up on anyone can run the u.s.
better they date my daughter to be
better
beautiful smarts and very welcoming
I admire when someone is really honest I
admire when someone works really hard
and is dedicated you know it could be
also really confusing all these
Instagram moments like it's definitely
amazing to capture your life but some
people could make their lives look so
amazing and it's all a facade and then
other people try to catch up and it
could just be a lot of pressure I mean
if it looks really cakey and then it
starts to like separate and come off
like that's what I think it's too much
makeup other than that you can totally
go heavy
it's just the most intense feeling and
love and just when someone really has
your back no matter what
and it's annoyances when someone texts
me and I really don't feel like talking
to them they just wish the less people
have my number change one of my favorite
books Tuesdays with Maurey I haven't
read it 10 years so I just ordered them
all online yesterday I've never seen it
so maybe just the girl with the white
blond hair you know I've always wanted
to create a sense that the women in the
Middle East would really like I've never
had a sense of like exclusive for the
Middle East so I'm really excited about
it my aunt always can fall asleep
