and landing system that I want to
implement to regular planes the airplane
electric airplane isn't necessary right
now electric cars are important we solar
energy is important stationary storage
of energy is important these things are
much more important than creating
electric supersonic feet all also the
planes naturally you really want that
gravitational energy density for an
aircraft and this is improving over time
so you know it's important that we
accelerate the transition to sustainable
energy
that's why electric cars it matters
whether electric cars happen sooner or
later
you know we're really playing a crazy
game here with the atmosphere of the
oceans we are taking vast amounts of
carbon from deep underground and putting
this when it was neat in the in the
atmosphere this was crazy we should not
do this it's very dangerous
so we should we should accelerate the
transition to sustainable energy I mean
this the bizarre thing is that obviously
we're going to run out of oil in the
long term you know we're gonna there's
only so much oil we can we can mine and
burn it sorta logical we must have
assisted a sustainable energy transport
and energy infrastructure in the long
term so we know that's the endpoint we
know that so why run this crazy
experiment where we take trillions of
tons of carbon from underground and put
it in the atmosphere and oceans this is
an insane experiment it's the dumbest
experiment in human history why are we
doing this it's crazy
