so 50 cent 50 cent is the master of
jumping the shark I mean he this guy
this guy can never get it right and
whenever you bring in a famous guy into
some kind of sport that he doesn't
belong there's always a place for him
but it's got to be handled just right
Bellator has a PR em team Bellator sells
out arenas Bellator does record numbers
on television which means their PR team
knows what they're doing because they
have something the real world calls a
plan always something that 50 cent seems
to leave out of the equation so whenever
you're in something that does not make
sense it's meant to be a spoof and it's
meant to baffle and it's meant to be
confusing you can make that very
compelling and make that interest worthy
you just can't try to work in the
audience by thinking you can outsmart
the audience you've got a shoot that
means where you're straight and you
level from your heart for 50 cent to get
some kind of notoriety or some kind of
play in the space of MMA and in this
case with Bellator is okay because he's
famous and because he has a fan base and
he can draw money those are very
important parts to the business that
nobody ever wants to talk about they all
want to just talk about the punches and
the kicks no man there's other stuff and
it's okay to let the audience end on
that side of it just shoot with them
listen
CM Punk got his chance to fight Ronda
got her chance to wrestle Connor got his
chance to box
I want my chance in MMA I'm gonna take
it yeah I'm only gonna get this because
I knew the right people and I'm a big
enough draw that Scott Coker would take
an hour out of his day to have a meeting
with me but it is what it is and this is
something that I want to do so let's go
find another bum that's got an
interesting story let's get into gym and
let's both work towards it and let's
compete under the unified rules that
works and is compelling 50 cent who
cannot have a plan no matter how much
you want to beg him 50 slow down
you're one of the more famous guys in
the room you're one of the wealthiest
guys in the room you're also the dumbest
guy in the room at all times every
single plan that you've ever ran with
for marketing in the space of MMA
including your fake beef with Floyd
Mayweather constituted in a grand total
of 30 minutes of social media attention
when it could have been 30 or 60 or 90
days had you slowed down realize where
your weaknesses are which is with the
thinking part let somebody else do the
thinking and lay out a plan so the
dum-dum gets a picture get this set out
on social media of him at a table with
the pentas he had a contract in front of
him in Scott Coker at the table in a
suit allow the speculation of that
picture to circulate know what does
dum-dum do he goes and calls out Rampage
Jackson which is very fun for 30 minutes
until one guy in the room goes what
Commission's going to sanction that and
then we're brought back to the reality
that no Commission's gonna sanction it
now we have to face the reality and it's
at a publicity stunt instead of clinging
to hope and in long gating the false
fame that you could have gotten if you
would have just shot with everybody
Connor got a chance to box CM punk got
his chance in MMA Ronda got her chance
in wrestling I'm famous too and here's
what I'm gonna take my chance at stay
tuned and I'll let you know the rest of
the story and long gave it dumb-dumb
