hysterical
um and I think this is interesting I
don't know I find you to be quite
honestly one of the most intelligent
actors I've ever worked with thanks
really
and yes I do Wow and I noticed though
that you always play characters you kind
of gravitate toward characters that
aren't so intelligent times now are you
trying to play against yourself or do
you need me to explain this question to
you over you hey man um I think no
because I think one of my biggest fears
is that I am an idiot
and always missing a point yeah but
that's not the candle what you know one
of my fears but I think it's funny that
people wouldn't there are people who
aren't aware of how they come off that
they think they're really you know
pulling it off right so that's funny to
me yes that and you're hilarious doing
it but in life and you know after you
you're very smart so you're playing
you're playing against type whereas I
just keep playing myself well yeah
actually a short running TV show all
right I know that I love your shows you
do yeah but you're really likeable and
funny and kind of that's all you need do
you know what I mean you're really all
you need to what what all you need to
what all you need to succeed to be
appealing to have people want to watch
you because you're extremely funny I
