sister barrel the darky gets so Graham
here's another part of our life here and
uh some motorcycles cars so this is one
of the coolest a sidecar bikes ever
built as a BMW and this is what they
call a old-style callin old saucer rigid
frame me there's no shock stand back
it's a rigid frame it writes kind of
hard and this right here is also
wonderful bison the Indian to me is when
the best road bikes made today this
Indian this is a harley-davidson police
bike and I'm back here on the seat
there's a shock system instead of a
spring see
right even better you see these cars
this unbelievable when the finest
Lamborghinis ever made as an event ATAR
the paint job everything was custom-made
but it's not mine
this Ferrari to me is where the best
Ferrari save ever made it's a California
car Ferrari one of the most beautiful
cars imaginable but stoplight its
Eloise's oh now we're going more to my
category here this in 1934 Ford
uh-huh this is more going in my line
this is a Tesla we bought a couple of
these immediately if the batteries are
empty and you filled electricity what
would it cost $11 we're a car cost $80
okay so that's mine this is mine too but
this is a hybrid they don't make him
anymore but I bought this when they came
out it's over ten years old and I love
the car what's incredible you mentioned
the fancier ones or why do you like the
less fancy ones or yourself I just like
to be more locate you know more locator
that's why I Drive this most the time
and you know just very very locate jump
on in relax sir put your seat belt on oh
this is a deer here are you ready I am
all right let's go
different don't get have you ever been
it without a sidecar going
what do you enjoy about writing you're
out the air pretty close to nature
you have really no protection your
ability to drive and be as safe as you
can so we give these guys the peace sign
in front of us
