are the mistakes we make when we're
trying to heal that in our everyday life
and and the first mistake we make is we
don't care about it that we don't love
it so when I started doing spy
in 1991 I scanned everybody I knew I
scanned my sisters at five of them pray
for me I want you to scan and scan me
one day I want ya I scan and I scan my
mom and she had at sixty a perfect brain
in fact she was our resident model of a
perfect brain and what she must have
loved that it fit the story of her life
even at 87 she has 48 grandchildren
great-grandchildren
she knows everybody's birthday she's
everybody's best friend this is a
phenomenal human being and then I scan
my brain and I didn't like it because I
played football in high school and I had
meningitis when I was a young soldier
and that just really pissed me off that
my 60 year old mother had a better
looking brain than I did and so I
developed a concept then called brain
Envy I wanted a better brain I wanted a
brain that looked like hers and you know
