being such a big area focus well it runs
everything but when I went to medical
school I wanted to be a pediatrician
because I adore children and when I was
a second year medical student I just
gotten married and my wife tried to kill
herself and I was horrified and I was
traumatized and I took her to see a
wonderful psychiatrist and I came to
realize if he helped her which he did it
wouldn't just help her that it would
help me it would help our children it
would help our grand
children and so nearly 40 years ago I
decided to be a psychiatrist and I have
loved it every single day but I joined
the only medical profession that never
looks at the organ it treats and before
I went to medical school it was in the
Army I was an infantry medic and I got
myself retrained as an x-ray technician
and developed a passion for imaging and
our professors used to always say how do
you know unless you look how do you know
unless you look and now I'm a
psychiatrist and we're not looking and
I'm an agitator my father growing up he
called me a maverick and to him that was
not a good thing but I got it from him
his favorite words growing up when I was
growing up the first favorite word was
 and the second his favorite
word was no everything was or
no so obviously I got it from him and
and I loved being a psychiatrist but I'm
like well why don't we look at the brain
and because obviously the brain is our
organ the brain you know is involved in
how you think how you feel how you act
how you get along with other people it's
the organ of intelligence creativity and
every single decision you make and with
my x-ray background I'm like we should
look and so in the late 1980s I started
looking at the brain with this study
called called quantitative EEG and it
was fascinating that I could see
underlying patterns for things like
depression and ADHD and autism but in
