understand the history because you know
things do tend to run in families mm-hmm
now if you date one of my children for
more than four months I scan you I'm not
kidding Wow
it's sort of like Meet the Parents yeah
but worse this is crazy I love it you
have a scanner at home like is there is
no I you haven't seen the clinic don't
you want to see the clinic and you know
my oldest daughter married someone whose
mother had paranoid schizophrenia and
whose father killed himself now did that
mean I didn't want her to marry him no
but if he had vulnerabilities I wanted
to make sure he was open to taking care
them and and he was and he and I
actually he's a professor at Corbin
college now and we wrote an online high
school course called brain thrived by
twenty five where we teach kids to fall
in love with their brain and how to take
care of their brain so that early scan
set up sort of a lifelong partnership
for us in fact you know I told you about
my first wife and she tried to kill
herself I got divorced about eighteen
years ago and I told myself if I ever
got married again I'm scanning her
before we go to the next level and when
I met Tana I just loved her right away
and I knew that was cocaine yeah and I'm
like two weeks after I met her I'm like
you know you haven't seen the clinic do
you want to see the clinic and she was
game because she's a neurosurgical ICU
nurse and she had a great brain but by
putting brain health toward the center
of our relationship hmm it really helps
us understand right when you're and she
