products because they just work so well
together now most companies have a
family of products that's not new it's
not like Apple is the only one doing
that
but what makes this particularly unique
ecosystem so successful maybe the most
successful ecosystem ever is not only
how well they work together but the
walls they've built up around those
things living inside this Apple
ecosystem is sort of like what we call a
walled garden you may have heard that
expression before meaning everything
that's in the garden in these walls this
is beautiful luscious garden everything
is green it's everything you could ever
want but these walls on the outside are
really tall and they kind of don't want
you trying to climb out or trying to
explore beyond those walls just look at
all the great stuff in here basically
once you get a couple of Apple devices
you start to get into the ecosystem
let's say you get an iPhone and a
MacBook just those two things they make
it as easy as possible you start using
iMessage you start getting text messages
on your phone and then you can reply to
them on your computer super easy
blue bubbles everywhere your web
browsing on your phone then you sit down
in your computer and it shows up for you
to pick up exactly where you left off
you have iCloud Drive so any files on
one are always on the other anything
about showing up airdrop peer-to-peer
sharing legendary you have tethering so
the MacBook always has the iPhones
Internet wherever you go want to make a
video call I mean I guess FaceTime is
right there you can answer it on either
device you ask Siri to remind you for
something it'll put it in the reminders
app every time so okay now you're in the
market for a SmartWatch well I mean just
you just get an Apple watch like what
other options are there really now you
can answer texts on your watch to blue
bubbles everywhere answer calls on your
watch there's FaceTime still ask Siri to
set reminders on the watch it'll put
them in the reminders app everything
works together so beautifully okay now
you're in the market for a smart speaker
it's a pretty new market a couple of
options out there seems like it makes
perfect sense to just go with the Apple
one now suddenly wireless headphones are
gaining steam you're in the market for
some wireless earbuds air pods are right
there they work perfectly you get the
idea all these services and products are
designed to be as good as possible yes
of course but they're also designed to
be these little hooks to keep you in the
Apple ecosystem to keep you giving them
information and to keep you buying more
Apple products as long as possible and
the way to keep you using those products
is to make those products as good as
possible within the ecosystem and those
are
words within the ecosystem this explains
the existence of so many Apple products
that on the surface or from the outside
from behind those walls can seem kind of
limited or pointless or dumb especially
in new markets where there's just the
beginnings of competition like why does
the home pod exist in 2018 a smart
speaker that only uses Siri only uses
Apple music does not connect to
bluetooth does not connect to anything
that's not an iPhone does not have a
headphone jack because for that guy who
uses Apple music and has an iCloud
account and has an iPhone it's kind of
perfect to be honest though I even been
guilty of being in the ecosystem you
know despite being I mean I use Android
so I'm not tied in as deep I use some
multi-platform stuff Spotify Dropbox
things like that but I'm a Final Cut Pro
Editor because Final Cut Pro is really
good and Final Cut Pro is Mac only and
it will probably pretty much always be
Mac only so what about leaving what
about getting out of the ecosystem well
in Apple's case pretty much everything
is tied to your iCloud account and if
you want to get out of the ecosystem you
have to rip that information out of your
iCloud and sort of import it into that
new service a lot of times much easier
said than done the more closely tied to
iCloud that device is the more hooks it
has into other parts of the ecosystem
that make it harder to take out so
accessories like air pods for example
you know they work perfectly with things
like your iPhone and your iPad and your
MacBook because of the w1 chip they pair
effortlessly we all know it just kind of
works the Apple way but if you want to
switch to another pair of headphones
it's just that one hook in and you can
move to another pair of wireless
headphones and get away with it now if
you use Apple music and want to switch
to Spotify because it's clearly better
again it's like one hook but good luck
trying to switch your entire library
between the platforms entire companies
have been born trying to make that
process easier but trying to leave the
iPhone to go to another phone that's not
in the ecosystem is tough because
there's a lot of hooks into this all of
your app purchases are gone if FaceTime
is gone your ear pods become useless
your home pod becomes useless you can't
use the reminders app anymore your Apple
watch becomes a paperweight and iMessage
is gone and then the iPhone the Holy
Grail for shepherding people into this
garden is so hard to leave that a new
come along with a better screen better
battery no not a better camera better
battery life a headphone jack and they'd
still skip it because that ecosystem
though it's kind of incredible also by
the way there's other ecosystems too
there's Google's Amazon's Samsung's
there's there's some more complete than
others and just generally a notice
ecosystems from everyone are expanding
and evolving two years ago you didn't
really need smart appliances in your
ecosystem as a tech company a couple
days ago Amazon bought ring for a
billion dollars to get ahead on smart
video doorbell so that's just kind of
the world we're living in with all these
companies building up their ecosystems
some with little walls some with huge
walls some are just as open as possible
the Google's for example is probably the
most multi platform possible you want
Google photos you can get it anywhere
you want Gmail you can get it anywhere
things like that are fun to see but it's
still interesting to look at and
evaluate apples which has been closed
off for so long the walls been built for
so long that kind of makes its own weird
case study Oh than that that's pretty
much it
my only suggestion would be don't
isolate yourself to just one ecosystem
don't lock yourself in or if you already
locked in maybe take a peek over those
walls before it's too late
