I'm so good at getting into those other
shoes you know let's talk about how you
use that with these businesses you
follow on Shark Tank
how does empathy how do those skills
we've been talking about that you
developed help these young well it helps
me initially in picking them out I see
all these businesses we've had nine
years of Shark Tank pitches and so it
helps me judge the person because I
could feel their authenticity no matter
what they're saying I could sense when
they might be hiding something or lying
and so I trust my instinct on the person
part of it once I get into bed with my
entrepreneurs and I'm right there in the
trenches with them helping them out I've
lived what they're living I've been
there before and even if I haven't even
it's a business that I know nothing
about
there's parallels and I can I can feel
what they're going through what their
real problems are what they're afraid of
what they're not talking about and I can
address it I mean that's um that's a
great card and then they trust me they
trust me do you know how important Trust
is in a relationship in anything and
certainly in business
