tells you when you're kid that it's
going to turn out great
does it give you empathy okay you are a
smart interviewer I should have
mentioned that first once once you're in
the position of someone speaking down to
you or making fun of you or any of that
negative category as a child you can
never look down or talk down to anyone
for the rest of your life you can walk
in anyone's shoes you can feel the pain
a mile away I used to walk into my sales
area of 80 brokers in a pic and walk
right up to one broker put my hand on
their shoulder and say how you doing say
I could feel her from a mile away she's
having a problem and that's empathy I
have empathy in spades and boy is that a
useful card in life to be able to walk
in the next guys shoes yeah in fact
sometimes I have a hard time remembering
my own shoes
I'm so good at getting into those other
shoes you know let's talk about how you
