where does the Drive come from oh the
drive well it's a good question
mostly I think it comes from being a
lousy student because when you're a
loser at school which I certainly was we
had ten kids seven of them were eight
students without opening a book and
three of us were dyslexic so I think
when you have a learning problem in
school in those days you were labeled
dumb all right and you didn't get any
special help and the kids all laughed at
you so I think definitely without a
doubt my aggressiveness and my
insistence on making something of myself
and my competitiveness and probably the
whole bed sheet match it's not so
healthy for you it is an attempt to make
up for those days and to prove that I'm
not stupid I mean I'm always striving
because I can't forget that it's so much
a part of me my nephew is really
