really a lot of it for me was I keep
losing the argument I mean I keep
winning the argument but I like them
better than I like myself you like the
Christians the way that's happened to me
some guys yes yeah you know they seem
like they were kind and filled with joy
and and so I wish I could say it was
intellectual and rational no academic
but love it wasn't a lot of it was
essential what kind of human do I want
to be and at that point I was pretty
much a gosh I would rather believe the
wrong thing and be the right kind of
person huh then believe the right thing
and become the wrong kind of person
because I met a lot of people who
believe in God were so judgmental and
dogmatic and condemning and and but then
I knew a lot of my atheist friends who
were like the arrogant and judgmental
and condemning and and it was just both
and and and and so that was a huge shift
for me but I don't I don't know why but
I don't it didn't feel like a shift in
belief because I always wanted to
believe that humans had intrinsic value
and I wanted to believe that we matter
don't want to believe that we're not
specks of dust so maybe I was maybe I
was predisposed to believe you know if
you could look at it like that because
when I would study scientific
determinism I go alright wait a minute
this means that there's no creativity
there's no free will that features
completely set that choice is an
illusion they go yeah
that's right I'd rather be wrong mmm and
so something that's really pragmatic for
me I look and go when what whatever
what's the view of reality that makes me
most fully alive and allows me to do the
most good in the world the most
beautiful and creative and expressive
you know and and then when I believe
that you've been imagined to imagine
being created to create that you were
both a work of art and an artist at work
it just changed my whole view of reality
and that's why I started mosaic I mean
mosaic the name it's just an art form
it's an art form of broken or fragmented
pieces that are brought together to
create something beautiful
especially when light strikes to it Wow
so I said hey look we're gonna be
straight up we're all broken and
fragmented we're the irregular pieces of
the world and we're going to come
together and we're gonna believe that
gods who create something beautiful
especially when he strikes his life
through us it's kind of chills you know
beautiful
