I'm like that's the same thing that a
lot of Christians say the future is
already set and when Christians an
atheist set this in common they feel
that they have no creative power to
affect the future see I would never
accept that level powerlessness yeah in
my life and I think the future is
dynamic and weak we affect the future
and and so when I look at hope it means
that humans are designed to be connected
to the future and if you are connected
to the past and disconnect the future
you actually lose all hope and and one
of the reasons I know these are
intrinsic says that humans function best
when they're loved they function best
when they have hope and then there's
this other dynamic we function best what
we have meaning
it's a human intrinsic it doesn't he
doesn't matter if you come up with a
different conclusion than me right right
we all have different answers to all
life's problems in life situations and
you know reality and our worldview but
we're all the same in that we're all
trying to answer the question why which
I think it's so interesting that
children ask the question why when they
it's the least relevant question for
survival the questions that matter for
survival the evolutionary questions are
what when where how like okay how did
you get away when he got eaten no I
bought a fire when I'm like freezing
today yeah and the question why is not
an evolutionary question then why don't
we ask it so much you know I think it's
because you're created with eternity
inside of you just like there's a
electrical circuit that's catalyzed in
your heart to be and it sounds like
magic that you are electricity being
formed into flesh and blood I think that
your spirit and your spirits telling you
you need your why you need to know why
you exist you know why you're here has
really if all we have is these 80 years
well I would why matter at all and then
