brain that's full of imagination and
creativity and beauty well and I made a
decision when I was around twelve
because I could feel myself disappearing
it's my internal world because I created
an imagined world inside of me that I
felt was safer than the world outside of
me that created a world inside of me
that was much more interesting and a
world that fit in better and and I felt
like I was having a hard time coming out
and I called that world of that world
you know I'm stepping back out so I I
have a go to school and and I would
disappear and the class would be gone
the teacher would just give up on
getting my attention and I read another
world I'm just literally in another
world and every year I go to school and
go this is the year I'm gonna make aids
this is the year I'm gonna do well and
by the third or fourth day I couldn't
remember my classes I just really
couldn't connect to the outside world
and so I was a straight D student at
first to 12th grade and I lived in this
internal world and I couldn't explain it
at night and I tell my wife you to this
day I was so comfortable in that world
that the characters in that world are as
real to me as the characters they you
interact with every day but I made a
decision that I was either going to get
lost in this internal world that's I was
gonna use my imagination to hide from
the world or I could use my imagination
to create a better world and that's a
part of what's shifted in my life and is
that I because everything that you have
is really your resource it's either try
to be self protective or to create
something more beautiful for other
people Wow
