good question because I think that
because when you were 10 you had a
belief system and then it evolved yeah I
never you're 20 or 30 maybe you you're
like oh I thought this was the truth but
maybe there's something else here
yeah I think a part of it is so
sometimes we put data and truth in the
same category mm or information and in
truth and and I think I had the other
I'm the opposite I was a person who
didn't find it easy to commit to
traverse it so I wasn't I was never a
dogmatic person so a lot of people who
are highly dogmatic they go through
dramatic shifts of I believe this now I
believe this now I believe this I was
always more fluid I was like I don't
know you know I could see I can see
value in everything you know and so I
was again studying Norris and Greek and
Roman and Egyptian mythology and never
read them in with any level of judgment
like I never thought to myself this is
less fiber than this and less valuable
than this and less valuable than this I
always was just looking for what where's
the story that I'm in and what did what
makes sense to me and
and it's kind of odd like every
mythology seems to have the good guy the
bad guy and the dad who's trying to you
know partner dream them right you know
and sure and and isn't that what seems
to be going on inside of us there's that
there's that part of us that aspires to
be great and God and the part of us that
just wants to consume and taken and then
there's this almost as other voice
trying to call us to who we were created
to be and and you know and so I I don't
think my beliefs changed in terms of and
the dogmatic way I think my my beliefs
were always growing and evolving and
changing I think some of my beliefs were
hopes you know like I didn't have a lot
of proof growing up that the world was
good mm-hm
but I believed the world was good that
