upon yeah I think if you just objective
look at historically religions tend to
attract people who are late adopters
people who are afraid of change
people who really hold on to the past
and so whether it's a synagogue or a
mosque or a church or a temple they tend
to reflect the past rather than to
create the future really why is that I
think people are oftentimes driven by
fear and and for me goes the opposite
see I grew up you're religious I didn't
I didn't have any this framework and so
when I became a person of faith I I felt
good I was liberated to create a future
to imagine and to dream and to risk and
and that if there was a God he is the
most creative being in the universe as
he created the universe so how in the
world would I hold on to the past when
he's the one who's supposed to be
creating the future and so it's just a
very different view of reality for me
like I always tell people at mosaic the
church should be the epicenter of human
creativity should be the epicenter of
imagination and beauty and wonder and
and and so yeah I love
I love film I love art I love I love
fashion and I I i feel is alive and i'm
directing a film that i did when i was
you know when I'm speaking on Sunday
yeah and I think we've created this
unnecessary divide between what happens
on Sunday or in Saturday on Friday
depending on the person's faith what
happens every day in life to me
everything is sacred everything is
beautiful and it's all an expression
sure yeah Wow so did you grow up
