we sabotage it we mess it up we want to
it's I think love is one of the reasons
I have a hard time believing in a pure
evolutionary theory because if we were
just the the outcome of evolution we
would have eliminated love a long time
ago because love makes you vulnerable
love is what gets you killed because the
saber-tooth is going to eat this woman
you care about more than yourself if
you're just interested in her right then
you're right you're not trying to
protect it you know who gets the girl
the girl who doesn't love or the guy
who's still alive it's true mr. lifer I
went how many times have you failed at
love been damaged by love I've been
betrayed by love then you wake up in the
next morning and you're going I need to
find love I need to be loved and for me
it is probably the most powerful driving
and trinsic proof that there's more
going on than meets the eye
because we can't seem to extricate love
from us you remember Star Trek right the
Vulcans were supposed to be like the
evolution of
of humans I'm gonna or we're finally
emotionless
and yet somehow we know that that's not
life
that's just existence because if humans
are at the core longing to be fully
alive but I know is that you feel most
fully alive when you're most fully loved
it's the truth and if you have all the
success that the world measures and you
feel as if you've not found someone to
love and someone to love you you'll feel
as if your life is a failure Wow
