that you were living in as opposed to
everything is better perfect yeah it
isn't ironic kind of almost like a
psychological dynamic of putting all
your eggs in one basket and you we don't
oftentimes realize that we may be the
basket we put all the eggs in hmm see if
our whole life is about us being loved
and our whole life is about us having a
future and a hope and our full life is
about us having meaning for us and then
all the eggs are in one basket but when
you said no my focus would be loving
people and and just the love that I need
is gonna come my way if I'm just gonna
focus my life of loving people I'm gonna
focus my life I'm giving other people
hope I'm gonna focus my life and helping
other people find meaning I'm gonna find
my meaning and serving others not in
having others serve me then you've
actually diversified if you're looking
at it from an economic perspective you
know a lot of us don't have a
psychological diversified portfolio
interesting our whole lives are about
ourselves and the way I look at it is
that every day of my life someone I love
is doing well every day of my life
someone I love is moving forward every
day of my life someone I love is doing
something awesome and so there's an a
day of my life there's an something to
celebrate because it's not all about me
wow it's interesting what when when I'm
