and that was the world I grew up in and
so I I went and I started reading two
things that really affected me I read
every mythology book in the library
before I was in sixth grade and I'm not
sure why but I thought maybe in
mythology I could figure out who I was
and why we were here because I
I was really young when I began to feel
a sense of disconnection and angst and
and from probably age of nine or ten and
so that I ended up in a psychiatric
chair when I was a kid and I was in out
of a hospital
I remember here my mom said dad said we
need him the psychiatrist we don't know
what's wrong with him I had nightmares
for you know years and years and years
and just some you know some of the stuff
everybody goes through that leaves you
broken and shattered and disconnected
from the world and and I found these
writers a Robert Heinlein and Isaac as
an often Andre Norton they're all
science fiction writers who are
physicists and and I found these
imaginary worlds and dimensions you
could travel to the world you go to
species you could find and and in my own
heart I began hoping that I was from
another world and that this was the next
Wow and and that sounds really bizarre
but probably by the time I was 10 or 11
years old I convinced myself then I must
be like a social experiment from another
school oh my gosh and so I was really
troubled kid but you know what I have
discovered is you know sigh I don't know
who said this but I'm it's almost like
every story is true but they're all real
you know and I had to create a story
inside of myself just to try to survive
and a huge part of it for me has been
this realization that even when people
search for God they're really just
trying to search for themselves
interesting you know I'm trying to find
who they are if their life matters if
they have significant Civ if their
existence has meaning and I never delude
myself I was never really trying to find
some abstract reality I was trying to
make sense of me I think a lot of us try
to do that at times yeah right I think
