him food and drink I said just eat it's
like yeah and I think sometimes we just
are too hard on each other yeah we
demand a lot from each other yeah you
know and I'm like hey just just get some
food get some sleep because you're you
know you're you're inside of this body
and if your body's not doing well you
you're not gonna do well you know and
I'm just gonna think clearly yeah yeah
so a lot of times people look just you
know just realize that you have to stop
and take care of yourself just eat and
sleep yeah like I'm a person doesn't
sleep hardly at all I mean I don't know
I I've never sucked I mean my whole life
everything like that you know and but um
and so I have to like work at sleeping
practice every yeah yeah you know and
and getting to sleep and things and in a
lot of us because I processed so much
stuff and and I do all my work in my
head so it's hard to not be at work and
you're running all that stuff down so I
know it's like to be in this space and
my wife says to me it's too loud in bed
I can hear your brain Wow and she's just
turned off I can't just turn it off so I
think I'm empathetic going I know that I
can't just go boom it's all shut down
I'm not worried anymore I'm not stressed
out anymore I'm not anxious anymore
I realize there's a process that I have
to go through
and some of it is it really almost like
practice where you have to go okay I
just need 30 minutes or I'm just quiet
just alone I just decompress and I just
get into my own like space and yeah and
I do think this is why historically
things like prayer meditation are so
important yeah whatever you choose to do
just got to find some way to block out
the outside world and get in touch with
it's going on inside of you because I
think some of it is when you're not
paying attention to your inner world
it's almost like it's Parliament out of
control everyone's screaming and yelling
you have to step in and say you're in
charge yeah you know this conversation
is a conversation that I am the head of
and I'm gonna take on this conversation
yeah I think when you're not in control
