about God not like I really wonder
saying all this stuff about us hmm and
and I think what I came to is that there
are three intrinsic
lives every human being has an intrinsic
need for love for into minion there's an
endless number of words around intimacy
you know in action connection belonging
you know every good thing has an
intrinsic need not only just to be loved
but every but for hope and every human
being has to believe that tomorrow can
be better than today the moment you stop
believing that - marking better than the
day you actually move to despair there's
this so it's so exotic looking okay
every one of us have this needs for
intimacy to connect they have a human
contact to have to be known and to know
is that see I think these are proofs of
God see I think this is because you're
designed in a certain way just like
you're designed to drink water to eat
food and debris there but we just happen
to you know because of some mathematical
probability we just happen to need
exactly air that we have exactly you
know we just happen to actually need the
liquid that this earth is full of that
comes from the sky I mean it sounds like
magic aqueduct gets filled because the
heavens open up a drop water on us no
wonder people dance to rain gods yeah
you know and we just happen to be able
to eat the food that's on this planet
and I think the same way with with love
that every human being it's driven for
love and I think almost all of human
history can be understood through love
and hate and the way that we interact
with each other and so the great wars in
history are not by people who are
different from each other people almost
exactly the same and so you have the
