of the biggest questions you wrestle
with or no I I think I mean sometimes
it's very practical it's just everyday
stuff of how do I help you buy love move
from a deep sense of inadequacy to a
place where they have this internal
strength to know that they have
everything they need to live the life
that created to love you know and say I
wish every day I was just trying to
answer the big questions of life but a
lot of times I'm just trying to help
people I care about how do you help you
be care about who may be always seem to
be a victim or struggling or that never
seem to get a hold of like their purpose
of their mission and you just want to
see them thrive but they continue to
suffer year after year yeah I think one
things that you have to realize is when
a person is in a perpetual pattern
negative pattern that they almost can't
hear you right away like wherever you
and I employee communication happens
easily in naturally if we disagree
we have a more difficult time
understanding each other if we violently
disagree you will distort what I have
said and I will distort what you've said
and turn it into a more violating
response yeah
does that make sense of course you know
so when a person is in a really bad
place you can't you can make the mistake
of thinking there unteachable because
they don't respond well to what you're
speaking into their life they have to
realize that a lot of it is that they're
in a and they really almost in a
distortion zone where they just they
reinterpreting everything in the
negative and it takes a little you have
to be patient with people and help them
through and there's this interesting
