current systems begin to break down in
so yes there is this kind of
disorderliness that's taking place
globally whether it's the environment
whether it's politics whether it's
economics whether it's religion
education journalism the medical model
it's all kind of coming apart and there
has to be something new that has to
replace it so as certain things begin to
break down we have to make a choice to
how to create order out of that disorder
and we can't respond to those conditions
with anger we can't respond to those
conditions with hatred or fear because
that's the very consciousness that's
driving it in the first place so we're
seeing this kind of extreme reality
where there's a polarization between
both worlds and I think it's healthy and
so the optimism that I have is that if
you teach people then how to be able to
become more self dependent and teach
them that they have the resources to
heal their body or to create
opportunities in their lives they can
begin to take the energy of that
disorderliness and by creating more
coherence and brain coherence and heart
coherence in the midst of when
everything else is collapsing I think
then you'll begin to see changes that
people will begin to execute and create
something greater so I'm hopeful that
everything that we're doing you know in
the world is giving people the tools
it's giving them tools to begin to apply
to their lives so the only way that
