Cambridge analytic Oh could add
strategic value what's your own
political leaning my own political
leaning is seems more libertarian these
days actually to be fair but I've always
been a very far left human rights
activist I started working for Howard
Dean when I was still in high school
John Kerry Barack Obama's senatorial
campaign his first presidential amnesty
international United Nations agency is
undertaking human rights research so how
did it feel then to play a role in the
election of Donald Trump it was quite
interesting considering I voted for
Bernie Sanders and couldn't bring myself
to vote in the general election
I actually was even fundraising for
ready for Hillary the super PAC that
preceded the Hillary campaign before I
was hired by Cambridge analytical I mean
people might wonder whether that's
hypocritical there's an obvious
inconsistency there oh just like when
you're trained as a lawyer if you're
trained as a proper political consultant
you should be able to undertake your
profession no matter who the client is
corporations like Google Facebook Amazon
all of these large companies are making
tens or hundreds of billions of dollars
off of monetizing people's data
I've been telling companies and
governments for years that data is
probably your most valuable asset and
individuals should be able to monetize
their own data that's their own human
value and people normally don't see any
upside of that and are exploited
