her which makes it more likely she'll
never listen do you have an example I do
I have a really good example actually so
our 11 year old um so so I'm divorced
and so my daughter when she was very
young um you met I met you when Chloe
was two years old and so it's very
special she fell in love so they're very
bonded and there was a time when I
wasn't getting along with my ex-husband
fortunately now we're friends and we get
along great but there was a time where I
was not and so I'm being very vulnerable
of right here at this moment
um but it was really difficult and there
was a time where Chloe when she was
going through a really tough age she was
like four years old and she had was
having these strong-willed moments and
temper tantrums and all sorts of things
um I was getting very frustrated with
her it was just a difficult age and I
was trying to figure out how to really
manage her and parent her in an
effective way and I one day just sort of
lost my my cool and internally thank God
I didn't say it out loud but internally
I got so frustrated and the thought
popped in my head you're just like your
dad and I realized how toxic it was now
this is I feel like I'm just really
exposing myself right now but I hated
myself for that feeling for feeling that
way thinking that thought right for
thinking the thought and the feelings
that
came with it I had some pretty heavy
feelings along with that thought because
