isn't where she's like him it's because
we're both very strong-willed and
intense see how important it is to kill
the thought otherwise
that is an extremely talk it was very
that is a psychiatrist I've seen many
parents you know they get that thought
about their child and now all of a
sudden they're acting in a very toxic so
yeah we just got about 10,000 people
unsubscribe because of that story but
but it's true that's totally not true
you know Peter there's one there's my
mom vulnerable and then people can
relate to you because now you're like
them as opposed to me who's perfect okay
that's your aunt for the day anyways
what we want for you is aunt free living
whenever you feel sad mad nervous or out
of control write down what you're
thinking yes and challenge it and if
it's not helpful for you talk back to it
