narrating the headed and and such and so
on so but if you keep that on and you
keep focused on those negative thoughts
you're going to be anxious stressed and
depressed so the exercise is this
whenever you feel sad mad
Orbis are out of control write down what
you're thinking we actually have a high
school course in 42 states and seven
countries and I'm just amazed that ninth
graders who take the course no one's
ever taught them how to manage their
thoughts so write them down and then all
you do is you ask yourself whether or
not they're true and then you talk back
to them so I go Tana never listens to me
so I'll write that down and I'll go is
that true absolutely not she listens to
me all the time just think we taste
swaps I have listened to I'm listening
out of our nine PBS show she's listened
to them repeatedly because I want them
to do well but if I think she never
listens to me and then I go well is that
true it's like no that's not true so I
can discard the thought but if I don't
challenge and discard it
I then sort of act like a jerk toward
her which makes it more likely she'll
never listen do you have an example I do
