came with it I had some pretty heavy
feelings along with that thought because
I thought here's this amazing person
this little kid and I'm I'm behaving
toward her you know like towards someone
that I don't really like at the moment
so I took her to school and I realized I
had to do something I actually spent
like two hours on that that day because
I knew it was something important I
wrote it down I challenged the thoughts
and then the really important turnaround
for me at the end was I actually turned
around to its opposite so you take the
question and you turn it around you're
just like your father
well what's the opposite of that you're
just like your mother so and what are
really true oh she's just like me and
when I really thought about so there
were two turnarounds two very important
turnarounds you're not just like your
father well the truth is she is like him
in a lot of ways but she's got a lot of
his amazing qualities so I listed the
qualities where she's amazingly like him
that are really good I also listed where
she's not like him but then I really dug
in where she's like me and that's where
we actually clash mostly where we clash
isn't where she's like him it's because
we're both very strong-willed and
intense see how important it is to kill
the thought otherwise
