but you just gotta remember that those
screws were in your shoes - they know
what it's like to be a freshman so
they're not
I mean I just say do you
and also when you look at those older
girls and you feel like oh I could never
be friends with them they're so old or
they're so pretty or there
they look so much older than me but guys
it's high school you can be friends with
whoever you want doesn't matter if there
are senior doesn't matter their junior
be friends with who you want like if you
just strike up conversation we like girl
stop I like your shoes or he goes up I
like you lipstick you know I mean what I
gotta do
it's so simple but then there's those
girls who kind of have that resting mean
face
I have that people sometimes people at
my school are scared to talk to me be
kids when I'm going through the halls
I'm like no I mean there's a lot of
girls who have that rustic inn face but
trust me i know that people have told me
before
well I didn't want to come talk to you
because you kind of look a little scary
and I'm like Carl no home no I will give
you a hug in the middle of the hall and
I'll talk to you anything
um so sometimes there are those girls
who have just had that resting phase and
they're probably not even like that in
real life so if you go up and you just
talk to them
I bet they're super nice like that's
what I had a big problem with our when i
