school and advice I have to give and
stuff like that so I'll be a senior in
high school this year so I definitely
paid my dues on you know first day of
high school type things and this video
is useful to middle schoolers high
schoolers even girls going into college
and guys if you want some advice if
you're nervous about school anyway so i
have a list of things I want to talk
about down here on my laptop so if I'm
looking down that's just what I'm
looking at
so the first thing is don't let labels
define your style and one day you can
dress like a true
minimalist and then the next you can be
as glamorous as you want like you could
be like so glad that you're about to
walk the red carpet or something like
you don't need to
you don't need to be labeled as one
thing you can be bohemian chic one day
or on glam or sporty like it doesn't
really matter you just do you whatever
you're feeling just do it doesn't matter
don't worry about what other people have
to say the next thing is if you want to
you set this up on the lab so the next
thing is wear makeup for you
you wanna wear false eyelashes and put
on the most crazy color eyeshadow and
we're like hot pink or purple lipstick
do that
go for it rock that look you can do it
but if you don't want to wear makeup you
don't have to wear makeup nobody's
forcing you to wear makeup or not wear
makeup
just just do you and just do you and
like if you're gonna go glam
