keeps on WE post so i would start out
slow we talked to him about how he does
it in his private recording studio I've
heard you say that you bend the word
yeah it's just in the enunciation of it
like people say that the word orange
doesn't rhyme with anything and that
kind of pisses me off because I can
think of a lot of things that rhyme with
orange what rhymes with orange you're
trying to look at your take if you're
taking the word at face value and you
just say orange nothing is going to run
with it exactly if you enunciate it and
you make it like more than one syllable
orange you could say like I put my
orange 4-inch door hinge and storage and
ate porridge with George you just have
to figure out the the science to
breaking down words and try to do you
think about this throughout the day I
mean driving along you think about
rhyming word yeah all day I actually
drive myself insane with it but it's
enchanted for a guy who hated school who
you know was in the ninth grade three
times and you spend all your time
thinking about words I found it no
