despite the controversy or maybe because
of it he sold more than 80 million
albums worldwide but he admits he's had
a hard time adjusting to all the
attention Wow for much of his career he
was high during performances and
eventually became addicted to vicodin
valium and ambien in December of 2007 he
overdosed collapsing in the bathroom of
his home you almost died yeah definitely
how close do you think you were to die
they said two hours if I would have got
to the hospital two hours later that
would have been it cuz my organs
everything my kidneys everything we're
failing everything shutting down he's
been sober two and a half years now but
has had to teach himself how to write
again rap again and even had her perform
as he told us hours before detroit
concert promoting his new album called
recovery so this is your first US
Stadium concert that you're sober
yep do you ever I mean when you look out
you know and you see 40,000 people and
they're all singing your songs mean it's
crazy I mean you can eat in orders to
say that they get used to it but I think
that they're probably lying if they do
because you've got to be wowed man you
got to be like you got to be taken back
by seeing this many people in their
faces and you know what I mean do you
actually see their faces when you're
going in yeah I do now huh you know you
didn't know it was yes big blur
everybody in here tonight who isn't
Eminem fan man I just want to take a
minute out to say thank you for the
support that y'all to show me
if we're not giving up hope you some
real thank you
especially to Detroit I love you songs
for you I'm not afraid his songs are
still deeply personal but some of the
hard-edged anger has softened in his new
song not afraid he offers a hand to
those in need say everybody come take my
hand we'll walk this road together to 10
years ago could you have imagined
yourself wrapping something like that
probably not you know I don't want to go
overboard with it it's who you but i but
i do feel like that if i can help people
that have been through a similar
situation then you know why not
