the only Asian families when I was a kid
in a small Texan town and I was you know
raised presbyterian
my parents kind of raised me in a more
conservative Korean household and I
certainly was the only gay kid who
couldn't who could still hide being gay
so there was a certain amount of a me
versus what I considered these like
either opposing viewpoints or societal
structures that I had to survive within
and then certainly when I when I went to
college I had the the flip side where I
retaliated and all of my like pent-up
rage came out through myself as an
artist which I still value that but the
navigation based on not only survival
but also to get myself to the next
higher place for people to also see me
as someone who was valid and as someone
who could also be competitive right took
a lot of social I don't wouldn't want to
call graces or tact because I don't
think people should feel like they
should do that but I had to be very
empathetic to a lot of people that I
probably would never have
wanted to listen to in the first place
but I think that it's important for me
and I don't speak for other people of
color especially for me to hear others
out to know if there's a way that I can
maybe change their mind if I really
strongly believe something is for the
better good the best example I can say
about that is my own family where you
have you know parents who will vote for
Trump or you have close loved ones who
have very strong opposing ideological
views say even about my sexuality
you know there's a lot of situations
where you should cut people out like
that but there are also other situations
where maybe there is some fence sitting
and maybe they just need a little bit of
support in their own journey in the
right direction and so it's it's a
longer grind and it's a much harder a
harder thing to do and it takes a lot of
patience but I've had some success in
getting people to accept me more fully
as I am which I think was attributed
partially because I was more patient
with hearing about where they came from
and you know I think that it's tough
