Kota is a week ago today you were
talking to you breeze and you just had a
moment I also think a lot of things are
contagious including generosity so our
hope is is that because you know you let
us know that you made this big generous
donation I think other people look and
say hey maybe I can help out too drew we
love you love you too okay thank you
alright a lot more watching over and
over I loved your reaction was so
genuine what was going through your mind
at that moment I think everybody has
like their breaking point somewhere
sometimes you have it the bathroom at
home where you're in the car and your
kids are inside I mean mine probably was
at the least appropriate place it could
have been but I think there was
something about his kindness and his
generosity in that moment and I think
when he said like as a big strong
football player when I said I love you
drew cuz I just say that usually and he
was like I love you and I just something
about all of it just kind of you came
together and I feel like we're all on
the hairy edge like you know and I think
he you know we all need to pick a place
I wish it hadn't been this place but I
think we all have to have a place where
we can like let the dam break wherever
that place happens to be I thought in
that moment that the I love you got you
because of your relationship now that
you two have that kind of special
relationship well he's he may be like
one of the most perfect human beings
because he's an awesome father and
husband he's a great friend to people he
loves his team he's a great leader and
he loves his city the city of New
Orleans which I love too I have a
fortune to have a special connection
with Drew and but but seeing his
generosity just eclipses everything like
the guy is in a class all by himself
yeah I agree now savanna how hard was it
