get it I feel the same way it's going to
ask the questions it's hard sometimes to
ask the hard questions you know I don't
want to get in confrontation or fight
but I feel like right now we got to be
on the side of information in fact I
really want to get those facts for our
viewers like I just like I'm gonna find
out for you guys I'm gonna do it and we
all feel that way you know is it's a
tough time yeah hold up up for you
I was just listening to Savannah and I
think there's nobody better really at
like um getting to the nut of it like
getting the detail and understanding and
not just being okay with broad-brush
statements like getting to it because if
I were at home listening I would want to
know how I can keep my family safe I
need specifics I don't need broad brush
things and I think I think Savannah has
a has a really really great way of
getting to it I always learned something
after one of her interviews and if
there's ever a time when we need it it's
now like this is the time when you need
that to get facts and information out
and I think we try on our show to do
that in the best way and while we're
doing it we're really mindful of our of
our tone we want you to know that you
know we're holding your hand virtually
as we're telling you what's going on and
I think that's probably the best way we
can do it
