because I understand that you initially
turned down this role why was that there
was a couple reasons
you know first off it was he was a big
commitment it's a six picture deal and
you know six movies they can spread that
out over a long period of time and
that's that's a big decision to make for
that big of a chunk of time and the
worry was that if one of the films comes
out and if if the first film does well
and if there's a big shift in lifestyle
you know um I've made movies for a while
but I've never really had to change too
much about how I live and if this movie
affected that I didn't know how I'd
respond and the problem is if I didn't
respond well there's no opportunity to
retreat there's no chance to say you
know what I gotta take a break I'd like
to go back to Boston maybe reassess get
my head back on straight six picture gig
that it's basically like well guess what
you gotta work again in three months
I'll figure it out and that was just
intimidating so what was it that one you
ever in the end it was that it was so
scary the fact that I was so scared of
it it just kind of felt like that's
exactly what you should be doing you
know anything you're scared of you
should push yourself to do it yeah
that's a good way to look at it were you
a fan of Captain America or comic books
in general oh I didn't grow up reading
