see the problems like you can literally
call them spiritual Purgatory's talk to
me about the hauntings that's an
interesting concept I used to get
betrayed by women like these women that
I thought loved me they didn't even stab
me in the back they stabbed me in the
front right like I got killed and so
what I did was I started to get
suspicious of my picker like somebody's
picking like maybe it's me right and so
I went back to my first most disturbing
haunting I ever remember really being
betrayed by right trust me I did not
want to call her she was so happy to
hear from me it was shocking like hi
right um I do understand how different
the story is in my head mmm
okay so the way we remember things the
way we hold things the way we tell the
story over and over again those are
usually screwy lies and so in any area
of your life where you feel trapped like
you can't make more money you can't get
out your body you never loses weight
like there is some purgatory connected
to a haunting memory and the way you
tell the story of the haunting is not
accurate it's a lie in there that's why
it's haunting you that's why I call it a
haunting right hon Seema and so what do
people need to change the story so I go
back to I go back to I go back to her
name was Cheryl I go back to Cheryl
right and I find out that I only
remembered the leg
of things she did to me do you know I
she had a list of what I did to her
do you I didn't remember it I don't mean
I didn't remember i'm ii nie didn't
remember it that was the last time I
ever got betrayed that way again ever
like my awareness that maybe it's me and
how I picked her and how I lied about
that
like honestly right not like try it
right I was so I had to go back to the
mystery of that story because the his
because the lesson kept repeating so
lessons repeat till you learn them
obviously if something bad keeps
repeating I didn't learn it so I had to
go back to the original source so I
could learn why I was I was the asshole
- people don't realize how much we don't
treat each other as sacred even the bad
things that happen in your lives with
them so all of that matters to me and
