the feathers seemed like a pretty cool
intersection at that moment so the main
thing I study is how your inner dialogue
works and most people have never trailed
their inner dialogue meaning it's just
like running wild and they're not like
what did you just say to yourself what
did you say about your wife's body what
did you say about your boss what did you
like what do you really say what do you
even say to yourself and you look in the
mirror right like welcome so that you
you won't face right and so when you
start to get in there right you can
start to detangle your higher-self from
your lower self and no one's really
doing that work and so the whole method
that I've developed is so you really
figure out what matters most to you in
your life so then you can hear how crazy
your inner dialogue is and how much it's
fucking with your dreams that's pretty
amazing welcome to the you you won't
face yeah that's really interesting so
