going through and just being aware of
what you want yeah having a plan to get
it but what I like about the promises is
that it's all about altering behavior
it's being true to yourself would be the
line I would say me being true to myself
right and the promise is always around
behavior or if I misunderstood that so
I'll interview my kids I always
interview my kids are you am i doing am
i glue mommy what do you want me to fix
anything you want me to change any new
promises you want me to make right so
it's interesting I will actually open
that up to people everybody and what's
something in like the realm of career
what's a classic mistake that people are
doing or not being aware of or something
that's really holding them back they're
not making promises that scare the shit
out of them that's interesting people do
not dare themselves like I am a dare I
dare you what should I dare you to do
right what promise would you have to
make and then hear your inner dialogue
fucking with that thing it's perfect
bring if you don't have the chicken out
in your head you're not in a big enough
game they're just like letting yourself
dream really makes magic happen what
what does that process look like when
you say let yourself dream do you think
people have a natural governor where
they're not is it is it the fear or is
it that they just don't do the exercise
what is it that stops people from fear
we have my joke is we have PhDs in fear
I can't I won't you shun what are you
doing oh my god don't what if right
we're PhD in fear and so again language
and learning to make yourself use
language and you know because every word
is your imagination right I want I don't
care if you want a boat I want a car I
want my kids to I don't don't want your
kids to be things ok let your kids be
themselves please but nonetheless you
want things for yourself and that's
