this where you going so love the one
you're with that's so interesting okay
so if what happens when they come to you
and they're like yeah but that's not
what I want now yeah divorce I'm sorry
you have to be in love with the person
they are you can't take away their
respect because you now want them to be
different
that's crime in my book my line we're a
terrible line that I really do have is
people know exactly why they're gonna
get divorced while they're walking down
the aisle Wow
there is no accident about that 50 60 %
and trust me I've sad enough at the
moment that that woman and that man know
it as they're walking down the aisle oh
it's in there they're like hoping
they're hoping what are they hoping for
they really are in love they really do
so you know you want all this I do so
enjoy okay so you ready you have a head
you have a heart and you have a hoo-ha
got that yep and then they they the
strange and they all have language right
they all have their desires they all
have everything they want but the
mistake the human makes is they think
that it's actually divided up a hundred
percent versus three hundred percent
okay so your head should get everything
at once your heart should get everything
at once and your hoo-hah should get
everything at once but what happens is
if someone will make a bargain where
their heart got everything he's done
nicest guy in the whole world
oh my god he's so smart I don't want to
write but I should I should I wish I did
right how long does that last about six
years after two kids take the cash and
go girl and then you're not happy after
so instead of people really dealing with
the truth about everything they want and
being able to talk about it fully and
make a real match like the love of their
life doesn't mean there's no compromises
right
like I come from a successful father and
a mother who never worked a day in her
life that I would be the one that was
the workaholic and was happy to make all
the money is like
no way and that my husband wasn't gonna
be that guy and he's still a total hot
great man right it's like revolutionary
to me but I will never take him down for
that
right that's the original contract so it
wasn't that I got exactly what I thought
my head would want but when it really
came down to it the most important thing
that I wanted was someone who would be a
remarkable dad my dad was a workaholic
and he was not a daddy type right and he
did not play with his kids
and I was like god I wish I had a real
daddy type and like my husband is the
real daddy type right and I was like oh
that my head really got what it wanted
and so most people have never teased out
with their head once with their heart
once and what their hoo-hah wants and
how they really want it and then they
end up compromised so does the other
person and they've never had all those
conversations and then they've never
negotiated a real fair spiritual
contract between the two of them with
their deal-breakers dude that's so
