because I actually want to reach yeah
alright my last question what is the
impact that you want to have on the
world
ready ready ready can I tell it in a
little story so I have an image of a big
and it's right a big turkey right the
wrong direction right ready and we need
to so dark dark and the money like
what's running the world right now is on
the wrong side so I need the light and
the money and I need to flip the bird so
you're like what are you committed to
I'm committed to flipping the bird so
that the people that should have the
money and have the power so they can do
good in the world are doing it that's
why I want the politicians I want the
musicians I want I want to reach the
people who could do good and actually
get this and change the world so much
for coming on the show that was
fantastic alright guys this is raw she
