have lineage and all the things that
come with your culture right so starting
to figure out what's going on in your
personality and your dreams gets you to
here higher and lower self and gets you
to really like you'll know if you're
happy with yourself right I don't you
know I you know I care about fashion I
care about the size of my body I care
about what I care about I don't need you
to like me like I care about it and that
would be another thing I do I say if you
can't tell everybody what you're doing
then it's probably not that cool for you
like if you're hiding something if
you're lying about it we're in trouble
then you are really not okay with it and
most people are lying about a lot of
shit because they're not okay with it
that's right
and then they pin it on the other person
I'd hurt your feelings if I told you
everybody's blaming the other person
like everyone's wiping the crime on the
other person and they're being a good
person but really they're lying
we're tricky so how do you help people
