not then just don't lie about it be the
guy be the person like be true to
yourself don't like the biggest thing I
would like to change on earth is how
much we lie that's interesting why is
that the one thing because we lose
ourselves the minute we like the minute
you lie to me I'm more important than
you you just sold yourself out to get
away with something you just stepped
down you didn't stay true to yourself
you just became a cat a fake two-faced
so please me you're not you anymore and
I'm somebody you don't even tell the
truth to what's happening on earth
nobody's being real at all in the moment
a lie happens right
it's the fakest world like we are so
strange how fake we're willing to be and
then you're like if you're like why do
people not have great sex lives they
cannot even tell each other what they
like you have no idea how much I can get
a person to finally start telling the
truth and how funny and liberating it is
from the type of porn they like to what
they do like people are so interesting
on how much they're willing to lie to
keep up appearances why do you think
