when your sister grew up that thing was
enormous yeah back then but at any rate
how did I find the courage through the
unlikely source of comic books yeah I
knew that they were human that there
were people comic books people who had
super hidden superpowers
and I imagined myself as Supergirl and
that gave me the courage to give myself
my shot and through but really where I
grew up in the housing projects of New
York
there weren't any lawyers no there
weren't any role models who had my same
ethnic background so my world compared
to others was very small the only way
that I could explore the rest of the
world was through books yes books opens
my eyes to the possibilities that were
potentially mine and me
gave me the skill necessary to conquer
those possibilities justice I really
