only way to do is get in the field with
them and showed them how to do it
what was your pitch can you put that on
hold for one second I'm gonna grab a
bottle okay you asked by the way don't
presentations two minutes long a million
dollar presentation okay now in the
early days we only had three products
our first two months two shampoos and
one conditioner so I just like to you
about something brand new one I'd hold
it like a gym not like this okay I don't
like a gym this is shampoo one that
we've developed shampoo one is for
normal to color treated or fine hair
what's unique about this shampoo you
only need one shampoo not two that saves
you time and money we test all these
products on ourselves not on animals
this is shampoo - shampoo - is for
normal till greasy hair oily hair or
really relief they care
once again you only need one shampoo not
two saves you time and money this is the
most unique thing we have is called the
conditioned let me show you how it works
then I would put out size of a dime of
my own I say have your hand please I put
a size of a dime in their hand now
you've got the size of a dime in your
hand right but you don't know what to do
with it watch ok here I want you to take
about the conditioner this is very
unique now I've got your attention
because it's in your hand you know what
to do it right this product is a
moisture treatment a protein treatment
nucleic acid treatment when you cut
someone's hair you put it on first
right so you don't have to be in the
back basin for ten minutes waiting for
the conditioner taking effect it's a
leave-in conditioner but when you put on
the customer's hair
you cut it easier and more even because
it moisturizes it if you blow dry the
hair it helps prevent heat damage and it
makes their shine it's a combination of
many many things this product by the way
depending the length of hair there's
anywhere from 150 to 200 treatments in
this bottle oh by the way and I set it
down right by the way rub it in your
hands now they know what to do
it also helps neutralize all the
chemicals when you put in your hands and
smells pretty good right in your face in
other words it's left on it saves you
time money and energy these products are
so unique and save you time and money
that here's what I like to offer for you
if you would agree to buy two dozen
shampoo one well if you'd agree to buy
two dozen shampoo two third one if
you'll agree to buy two dozen of the
conditioner two dozen of each what we
will do in return is we will come in
your salon we will put a bottle at every
station we'll put a couple of 32 ounces
of the back Basin will display at eye
level so people could see it I'll show
your people how to introduce to their
customers as a benefit of being in your
salon but I'll teach them how to use it
but I'll give you this guarantee if in
30 days it's not the best product you've
ever used and you don't love it I will
come back and take every bottle off the
shelf you haven't used or sold out the
door and give you your money back now
that's fair enough isn't it yeah say no
fair enough isn't it no I just I got too
much stuff here which is what most
people told us okay we would say I could
appreciate that you're right you do have
a lot of stuff here you have every good
reason so I'll tell you what I'm gonna
do if you will let me come in and all
the class for your people
all right it's played at eye level share
everyone how to use it maybe put a quart
each at the back basin here's what I'll
do I will place in your salon only one
dozen shampoo one one dozen shampoo two
one dozen shampoo three just a couple
quarts of the conditioner and the ship
that's all and at the end of the month
it's not the hottest thing you've ever
seen
I'll give you your money back for every
bottle you haven't used or sold out the
door now that's fair enough isn't it I
look at him nod my head say no again
remember successful people do all the
things that successful people want to do
it's a no again sounds fair I just I
don't want to do it okay well do you I
could appreciate it wear something new
who knows right but I'll tell you what
I'll do because I know it's gonna be so
good for you there's no doubt if you'll
agree to only take six of these each and
just one quarterback basis of shampoo
one shampoo two in the conditioner and
just since you have three operators just
put three on the Shelf of each I'll hold
the class if in one month
those few products they gave you have
the hottest things you want I'll take
every bottle back you haven't user sold
out the door
and give your money back and by the way
this is only a stay in the beauty
industry is that fair enough
that's fair enough I got down to once
one bottle of each before someone said a
lot of people say no right right but you
know I give three chances to say no and
I don't help me just break out total
