and it feels like a like a giant win for
introverts everywhere it was just a very
simple moment I was in a wardrobe
fitting and I didn't even know it was
happening I had tried on various pieces
of the costume and he kind of do like a
fitting for the boots fitting for the
pants but in for the top fitting for the
helmet and so I didn't I didn't know
that I was finally gonna put it all on
for the first time and it takes like a
couple people to put it all on and I was
talking and wasn't paying attention and
suddenly I looked in the mirror I was
like oh my gosh it looks like a
Disneyland character and then I just was
like really concerned about going to the
bathroom I'm also like a woman so I I
have a menstruation and that was also
scary to me I was like what do I do
how do superheroes do this but they were
super awesome and had tons of extra you
know zippers and ways that I could get
out of it still takes like 30 minutes to
get out of it to go to the bathroom but
it's fine
