psychologically right at least some of
us are so I had all these attachments I
I wanted to be a good boy and I was a
Christian like I really meant it sort of
Christian and I wanted to what does that
mean to be a Christian that why I mean
how long do you have it really depends
on which church you're talking about I
was a fit the mold of like you get
married you don't get divorce you did
this totally yeah but also like you know
the most important although it wasn't I
think I think about this all the time
there was all this cognitive dissonance
that I was like God is the most
important thing but do you I'd give Tony
Robbins a run for his money with how
ambition how ambitious I was I wanted to
fucking take over the world
yeah I wanted to make a new volcano with
my imprint you know what I'm saying I I
was hungry yeah so that that's causing
tension I remember at my wedding they
played the song be that my vision and to
him and there's a line in that hymn that
always used to make me laugh and it was
Rich's I want not nor man's empty praise
and I always used to cry at that line
why because riches and I wanted man's
empty praise yeah more than riches
praise why it just gets me off it since
my psychology like I love people
laughing and listening it's my drug I
love it it's so good I like to think I
found a way to work with it you know
