be what he's doing cuz he's a brilliant
guy but for me what I'm doing is the
game of saying okay this is 90 seconds
doesn't appeal to me because that's it's
just another wagging finger in my head
but if I go I'm trying to think of when
I was angry recently because it happens
all the time
you get angry oh I was in waiting room
for the ear and the kid next to me was
watching Instagram stories with the
volume on and I'm having this mom I want
to grab them and go is anyone else
watching Instagram stories there's ten
people in here but you want us to listen
to yours that you know how annoying
someone else's Instagram stories are you
don't even know these people and we're
all just sitting there
there's sick people and old people and
there's this fucking hipster in his
dumbass jeans and he's just like I hated
him and then and then instead of going
you only have 90 seconds to feel this I
go like I love that to look at Pete go
look at Pete being Pete not
rationalising not going like oh wow
these are funny thoughts or I understand
you're right it's just going like just
saying yes to what is in
including my anger helps the anger go
away saying no to my anger I for me
leads to more anger oh don't do that
that's what I was as a Christian it was
willpower Christianity as Richard Rohr
calls it it was like don't be an asshole
don't be horny what you're resist
persists is what people say okay yeah
that's right dude I as soon as I gave
