when I was in high school we had this
way of taking exams where you'd go into
a room and there'd be all the desks laid
out in rows and you'd go and sit down
with your pencil and they would hand out
the blue books and pass them back and
then there would be sort of this mood
all wait you kind of settle yourself in
and then the proctor would say something
like it's now ten o'clock you have two
hours to take this exam be sure to read
all instructions carefully turn over
your test papers and begin and everybody
would turn over their test papers at one
time and begin writing and and it was
very quiet very contemplative way to
start and then at the end there would be
an announcement it is now twelve o'clock
put down your pencils and hand in your
test papers and everybody would put down
their pencils and hand in their test
papers and there was something about
this beginning that was it was very
ritualistic it was very calming it
really kind of got you in the mood to
sort of settle yourself and just stay
focused but then when I got to college I
was shocked it was exactly the opposite
so you'd walk in there the proctor would
quell with a big box of blue books and
be like everybody come get your paper
and people would rush up there in this
giant scramble then they race back to
their desk start writing and until you
know if you weren't one of the first
people out there you go to wait and grab
your paper and then at the end I'd be
like okay times up very casual and some
people would keep writing and writing
and writing and writing of course
there's a poll as Anna polder I was
always the one who'd like stop writing
the minute that I knew the test was over
and somebody if you if you if you took
if you really push it you probably got
an extra 20 30 minutes on both sides
then someone else but anyway what I
really objected to was just a scramble
like it did not put you in the mood to
sit down and think it wasn't was it
quiet it wasn't contemplatively feel
focus isn't he it was just was rattling
that was the worst thing and and I think
of that too because you know it's very
easy to overlook your the beginning and
the end of things but especially the
beginning you know preparation is an
essential part of execution
