the world is going to consume almost
twice as much energy 30 years from now
as it does today
climate change is coming and so we need
to actually innovate ahead of that the
negative effects we need innovation that
gives us energy that's cheaper than
today's hydrocarbon energy that has zero
co2 emission and is as reliable as
today's an overall energy system and
it's when you put all those requirements
oh there you go wow that we need an
energy miracle now that may make it seem
too daunting to people but miracles and
science miracles are happening all the
time so what you're essentially looking
to do is for the civilization to skip a
step move forward and advance lr8 the
transition move beyond natural gas to
other carbon neutral forms of energy is
there have we ever done something that
big as a species before well sort of no
ah because the scale of its very big
it's unprecedented to move this quickly
to change a infrastructure of this scale
almost everything that's been invented
in energy was invented more than 20
years before it got scaled usage there's
this guy Parsons who nobody knows who
who took us from the the steam engine to
the turbine steam turbine which 1890
this unbelievable advance wasn't used
significantly in his lifetime
cutting diesel vents the diesel engine
it brilliant I did and it doesn't catch
on he commits suicide jumps off a boat
now later it catches on in the case of
climate change because there's so many
possible solutions it's not like the
Manhattan Project where we're saying I
don't think anyone's saying hey pick
just one approach and and pick some
ranch in New Mexico and just have those
guys kind of hang out there here we want
to give a little bit of money to the
wild I guy who thinks the high wind will
work we want to give a little bit of
money to the guy who thinks taking
sunlight and making oil directly out of
sunlight will work that's the kind of
thing that that we should be funding
more up talk a little bit more about
