one of the grandmasters at now mmm final
thoughts shit I don't know I mean I
certainly feel like if it wasn't for rap
obviously I wouldn't be here but it gave
me it gave me a voice that gave me an
outfit gave me uh it gave me strength to
fuck man you know what I just came back
from you know overdosing old shit you
know like it without rap I wouldn't have
been able to to get do it I mean
obviously without my daughter's I
wouldn't have been able to get to
fucking thing but when you hit that wall
like how quick can you bounce back you
know
and if it wasn't for Rath I wouldn't
have been able to bounce back you know
this is the one thing that this is the
one thing that I feel like I have that
you know I can do well so if I didn't
have this I don't know what I really
can't do fucking thing else you know
except for play basketball I'm kind of
fucking nasty but uh like rap is just
you know it's everything to me this is
this is this is my world
this is you know I'm saying like this is
what I do like oh there you got these
