up I quit right and then you know maybe
a couple days later week later hour
later I don't know I just I got the
Earth's like no man I got a I got to get
up got to do it again
that's right thank God you really gotta
live it my mind 24/7 aside from family
stuff obviously is a constantly thinking
of ways to bend words or you know I made
like if I don't got paper I'll write it
on my hand or whatever sometimes when I
fill up the hand then I'll transfer it
to paper did they tumble out of your
head complicated because you write
complicated rhymes
oh I wake up in the morning and they
just tell me there's fall out yeah today
do they come complicated or do you
complicate them sometimes what I love
about rap is that it feels like it's
puzzles to me like words are like
puzzles and trying to figure out a
puzzle and trying to figure out what
word can go here and how many words can
I make like if I can take a run like I'm
real into the craft like just to you
know I'm seeing and I feel like like I
always think like how can I take I
I figured as puzzle out how can I take
words and put them at the end of the
sentence but in between maybe make some
words rhyme in between that rhyming like
sandwich them I'm saying like so
sandwich those words and try to make
them or make them run inside of the
phrase and then come back outside and
try to you know try to rhyme with the
word that I ended on the snare you know
like I just like I'm just kind of ruin
into the technical part of it I studied
