Forbes magazine I know don't don't pay
to get into Forbes we didn't yeah well
you've spoken out against Trump in the
hole huh you've spoken out against Trump
well you know what I haven't spoken out
against you I just like you know that I
don't like anybody calling anybody of a
brown mass you know the brown horde I'd
say wait a minute if I would say you
know you know the black menace I would
say the white menace that's racist I
wouldn't you know come on
and it's like ah I don't care where
you're from you know this country was
built on immigrants you know so we've
got to figure out how to make that
situation better you know I'm not saying
this is what we got to do well you know
you say whoa oh I say tunnel so that is
gonna work you know come on we've got so
many tunnels already so that's not gonna
work
yeah so and yet you're saying drugs and
the drugs don't come through there
anymore yeah you know I mean ins so he's
got to get some better people to let him
know what's happening right Bobby
Donnell
