yeah he's screaming and yelling and shit
his pants so they were like heartbroken
well what was it like I mean you were
how old at the time
23 23 years old
fate 24 years old facing the death
penalty how do you come to grips with
that well it's kind of like how you do
time you do it and the grips were I
remember asking God to let me die with
dignity
just don't let me pee my pants don't let
me shit myself please don't let me cry
and scream just let me go and just let
me like smile and and and Ike is so
funny because I remember thinking like
every teacher I've ever had has said you
know poor attendance blah blah blah but
but has great potential
everybody said great potential and and
even parole officers you know can do
better young and and then everybody like
in school they thought I was pretty cool
and I stuff and all that and and when
you're there and you're saying all that
shit doesn't matter you know and
somebody had gotten a shit and smeared
it on the on the wall and they put God
sucks in the inner hole and I'm looking
at this and I'm sit in this wall and I
remember thinking this is what my life
has has come to yeah you know and I was
pretty cool I mean I was you know I
walked that yard proud and I'm gonna die
and and I'm staring something that says
God sucks and shit and shit yeah and I
remember I think for the first time even
if I had a mirror I couldn't make this
cool you understand because if you have
a mirror you I'm alright fuck it I got
it welcome they can eat me but they
can't
you know they kill me but they can't
even something you know but I couldn't
do nothing not this none and I remember
saying if you let me die with dignity I
will say your name every day and I will
do whatever I can for my fellow man
I said that I thought there could be a
couple of years
join me then they're gonna top me but
good lord fool me and gave me the rest
of my life
right because the guard didn't testify
against you yeah well it what it was was
a DJ reject they they couldn't get any
witnesses yeah mm guys on the yard and
your mother did it Mickey Mouse did it
yeah
Pluto was boning Mickey mainly Mouse and
they did it yeah I was like he's all
this stupid letter there so the DJ
rejected it and and and Gibbons didn't
know who did it yes okay so we got to
top out and I got another year I came
out of the hole and a 1969 August 23rd I
got out of prison and I've made this
deal and that's what I've been doing
well I mean before you got out that's
