tits
then okay so she let me touch up though
so I kind of looked at these guys and
looked at the way they're all black all
just Lord cards just like disco so what
I want to do the others didn't miss that
money so I got I got hooked to money
before I was hooked to anything else you
know knowing I know it sounds awful and
I know but the power of money you know
and and it was like damn that's that's
the way I grew up I grew up with the
guys would I wanted to be that guy with
the dough the only guy in in our
neighborhood that had any money was the
dope dealer to the armed robber you know
the the labor you know he'd come home
all sweaty and dirty you know I've been
when I got out of the joint and 69 you
know I was working at a place called
Carly sees Auto Wrecking it was on on
Vanowen and I was looking like an
escapee from a Vietnam prison you know
just I had a I had a I had a shirt I
mean a pair of thermal underwear tied up
like this and all greasy and then we're
gonna wrecking yard right and my uncle
shows up my uncle Gilbert he's been out
of prison about three weeks
right and I'm making minimum wage or
whatever just working in he shows up and
he says Danny what are you doing he
shows up it's kind of brand new Lincoln
beautiful Lincoln right 16 I've wash
world black he gets out he's gonna a
pair of bolero pants they were like the
style they were real high waisted kind
of pants you know I almost had like a
cumberbund on them but they were you
know and got a two hundred dollar shoes
you 200 for the right one and 200 for
the left ones beautiful
I don't know like it was like a Tommy
Mottola was Tommy Bahama but it was a
beautiful kind of print shirt all tucked
in and and it's the kind of shirt that's
tailored so it's not wrinkled you know
and you know what are you doing man
looks bare seeing the family madness I'm
working man shut up look why don't you
just sling because you're slinging these
ones sling a little for me to puts down
a quarter pizza here or just you know
cut it it's good you can cut it $1,000
and says get get going get good corn get
you can get started and I remember
thinking how easy it would be and I kept
like this 10 grand right there in that
in that that quarter ounce you know I
remember screaming no and I just I
grabbed the grand I grabbed a thousand
and went back and I'm sitting in this
abandoned car feeling like shit you know
and I watched him split I remember Frank
Russo Frank Russo Frank Russo might my
sponsor right he comes out and says just
wait and just wait I know it's hard man
yeah I know it's hard but but it's gonna
be okay and then he said did you get the
