still working for
mark Hickman my CEO he's like an awesome
well I guess you were speaking at a
cocaine Anonymous meeting
yeah back in Louisville in 85 85 and you
met someone there that kind of kid
shifted the course of your future some
kid it's just I never forget he's Danny
I really identify with you this kid
couldn't have been from a neighborhood
near my neighborhood I mean and but we
talked was cool and I be extra sometimes
in movies just to make a little bread
yeah he still give you 50 bucks this kid
called me one night and said hey there's
a lot of blow down here on my job can
you come down and hang out yeah I went
down and was the movie said of a movie
called runaway train with Jon Voight and
Eric Roberts and I'd been on there
before you know he's wasn't working that
day and he sit up I walked on this set
this guy's 8 do you want to be in this
movie as what do I gotta do is doing to
be an extra eyes extra what he says can
you act like a convict so I'll give it a
shot yeah kind of fun is almost like you
know this is your life you know took off
my shirt I got that big tattoo on my
chest I'll never forget that guy goes
like he's good
wait a minute he goes I'm thinking what
kind of stupid gang sign is that I give
him a B fuck you I'm homeboy and you
leave your shirt off so I'm standing
there this guy comes over I know this
guy and for me and you're Danny Trejo
oh yeah Danny I saw you in the light
weight and the welterweight title up in
Quinn
I said you ready bunker I knew this guy
right my uncle had bought a robbery from
this guy in 1962 I think and I was there
and I said why
I adopted the screenplay I didn't know
what the fuck that maybe I mean it's
okay and no and he said Daniel are you
still boxing I says oh I'm training man
I'm 40 years old I don't get hit the
face no more he said look we need
somebody to train one of the actors how
the box wasn't what's it pay and he says
cuz they're gonna give me 50 bucks for
acting like economy and he says 320 a
day I says how bad you want this guy
beat up yeah
I'd have done it for another 50 bucks
and hey he says he says no no you gotta
