here you are getting back into the free
world and how are you adjusting at that
point oh well first of all I was trying
to figure out how to be a nice guy okay
and and now you have to understand my
neighborhood my mom's neighborhood on
Bram for the world Kenny I I probably
robbed every house in this neighborhood
and broken every garage
and so now I gotta try to figure out how
to be it nicely so I remember this lady
pulling out her trash can
you know because 69 they didn't have the
big plastic things they just used to put
everything garbage everything into a
trash can and pull it out in the garbage
guy would throw in a truck and I
remember I went over to help her that's
all I'll do I'll just help her I was
trying to help somebody I went over I'll
never forget her words were you don't
rob me dead
I just shut up yeah I've run my night
just got her can and I brought it out
and I walked to the back to get her
other can because they weren't picking
them up in the alley because they were
repaving the alleys later so I brought
though I brought her other kid she never
took her eyes off me cuz she knew I was
gonna break for that garage and grab her
lawn mower and go sell it for dozer so I
took her and then I walked away and she
just kept staring at me and as that's
what I'm gonna do so every I forgot one
they picked up the trash but the night
before I would go to all the old people
and my mom Street and just take out
their trash wrong and the first present
I remember getting I got a
double-breasted fake suede blazer and
hung and they were popular 69 okay you
know and they'd sky I walked in clothing
bag me know that old man gave it to you
the one with yet crippling arthritis in
his hands and he couldn't he would have
to like kick his cans out you know and
so so I would he so he gave me that coat
and I started realizing that the better
you are the better you get the more you
do the more you see it's almost selfish
gender said it's all me a selfish well
