the stuff that you shouldn't be
participating in let it go what do you
think is the number one quality you see
in people who come into shark tank and
pitch you in terms of companies that are
successful and have potential their
passion and Mark Cuban completely
disagrees with me on this we have we
have poor bargain it's a lunch about
this for me the passion about a very
narrow field so people must understand
that all you mean I have to be
passionate have to be excitable I said
no you have to be passionate about one
thing be great at one thing the world
will reward your knowledge of a very
narrow field so the analogy I always use
is you know Tom Brady I love NFL
football Tom Brady gets paid twenty-five
million dollars a year to throw the ball
he doesn't get paid to block he doesn't
get paid to tackle in fact when he does
those things people freaked out be Tom
Brady be good it'd be good of my name at
one thing and then be great at that one
thing be world-class at one thing forget
your weaknesses because somebody is
going to eat your lunch at the stuff
you're not good at when you're writing
