and we've lost so many people we've lost
children it's not okay and anyone that
tells you that it's impossible there's
nothing you can do or it's outside of
your control is lying to you or they're
lying to themselves because they are not
as strong as you are there is much to be
done there's much you couldn't do see
the links in the description below
earlier today I called my representative
of my district and I told them that I
don't want assault rifles in our country
earlier today I went and checked and
made sure my senator voted the way I
thought was appropriate in terms of gun
laws I can read you a list of states
I'll read you a list of states if you
live in the following states your
senator voted that people on the
terrorist watch list could buy assault
rifles first of all no private citizen
should own military-grade weapons how
about that that's something you can call
somebody and tell them second of all if
you live in Alabama Alaska Arizona
Arkansas Colorado Florida Georgia Idaho
Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana
Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska
Nevada New Hampshire North Carolina
North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma South
Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas in
Utah and West Virginia and Wyoming then
your senator killed those people
