remember to subscribe below and turn on
notifications if you'd like to see more
videos like this because I really need
to tell you guys right now that you're
being lied to
now I've done videos in the past on how
you're being manipulated and how you're
being brainwashed to things that are
definitely happening in the world today
but the biggest thing we have to realize
kind of the trilogy of these three
videos is the fact that we are being
directly lied to on on many fronts and
if we can't come to recognize this and
use something known as Rebecca and
vegara
which is basically discernment and
attachment we're gonna have a hard time
enjoying life thriving and getting
anything we want and a loving sense out
of it without being pushed or pulled in
a direction that we didn't really choose
for ourself in a direction that we have
been programmed to follow which is the
case for most people and this all begins
with the fact that lying in the modern
culture being lied to on a corporate
level is so common that we don't
question it or care about it or do
anything to change it and so I just want
to share with you quickly a few examples
of that and show you why it's important
to discern between certain things so
simple when we might think of is one
that is not as nefarious as other things
can be but it's the essence of let's say
fruit juice right so if you go to the
grocery store and you are trying to get
fruit juice essentially what comes out
of the fruit specifically just to fuel
your body to take care of your health
orange juice apple juice so forth this
is how corrupt these drugs can be is
because they can change the wording on
these labels to make you think it's one
thing when in reality it's another so
you might be looking for orange juice
and you might find something called
orange flavored juice or apple flavored
juice most people aren't going to think
twice about it because it says the two
words that they're seeking and so they
pick it up and take it home we have to
look deeper right we can't assume that
things are automatically gonna be
created to help
because companies use these lies as
tactic to improve their profits and when
we flip it over you'll notice that a lot
of these juices are really just sugar
and water with flavoring from different
