to you to really earn that over time
yeah and I think everything stacks up
right it's like little building bricks
so it's not like you go into it's almost
like it's yes really because I think
every moment you know like even when
you're saying about personal
achievements right you really are put to
the test right it's easier to say this
is what I'll do or for you right this is
how I'm gonna act if I got sick I'm
always going to power through it but
it's very different on the day you
actually get super sick fever how do you
actually act and so for me it's about
the actions so everyone
have like the most authentic you know
heart and be like oh no I'm not gonna
cheat on you or I'm not gonna lie to you
you know they may have every ounce of
like belief in that but when it comes
down to it how do they actually add so I
absolutely put 100% not 99.9 100% trust
in you right so you could I could walk
in on you there could be a naked woman
in the room and I'll just assume assume
she surprised you and you were sleeping
and you happened to wake up and she was
in your room because I trust you that
much um but it's because you've built
that trust brick by brick by brick over
the entire 17 years that we've met or
that we've known each other so it's not
like that happened overnight and now I'm
blinded by you know like just who you
are it's like no I've seen you act in
accordance to your belief system every
single day in every scenario right like
you've had women throw themselves at you
obviously being the present of quest
nutrition there's a lot of fitness
people that try to get your attention
and it never bothered me because I would
just see that you really do live up to
your reputation where you are very
professional it doesn't faze you you
don't you know ever like start googling
at them or whatever the word is ugly and
and so anyways like yeah over the last
17 years you've just proven to me that I
can trust you but it's not like I would
