become far less tolerant of it than I
have been like I do not see much benefit
in allowing a bad acting relative or
whoever to continue with disruptive
behavior why are the cheeky smile
because like I was saying like I used to
be like that right like morally that
person shouldn't be like that or morally
that person shouldn't say that to that
person that's just so inappropriate how
can that person treat that person like
that and I was always the one that was
like I need step in and stick up for
that person or call that person on their
crap because there's just not right you
don't treat someone like that and that
that was my personality
that's very instinctual of Who I am now
the problem not even problem in yes
problem in situations like that it never
makes the situation better ever like
you're never like calming people down
helping people through the difficult
times you're just really someone with
the spoon stirring the pot and you may
not mean to because it may come from
like but I just want to feed people so
I'm just doing this pot to like create
good food but the truth is it never ends
well and so when it comes to let's say
in a family environment where it's me
and you and I've seen someone even I've
seen someone talk badly to you and I
remember this someone said something to
you and I got so annoyed like do you
think my husband like that that's so
disrespectful to him how they're like I
it was offensive to me like offensive
and but this has come to a point where I
had we'd had many many situations like
that and I just thought okay first of
all you would not want me to defend you
the other thing but I know you weren't
enough right so even though
instinctually I think that they've done
you wrong and they're rude and I know
you're not gonna call them on it because
it may be someone close to you I was
like well even though I want to it's not
gonna help now you're just gonna get
upset with me because I know that about
you so in actually like calling them out
