just it's actually a pretty magical
moment yeah and I mean in talking about
strategies like we both had very
different strategies at first and I
think that just the thing that really
helped me is is really establishing like
what are our goals right like as long as
our goals are exactly the same the goal
is to be able to trust one another to be
able to feel 100% completely
safe in each other's presence right like
all these things okay if your goals are
the same then your strategies can be
altered so if you had a strategy that no
matter how much we'd agreed on the goal
your strategy wasn't helping me get
there because it was making me feel
uncomfortable with I would just say to
you hey so there's one thing that you do
you do it like this
and if our goals are XY and Z I fear
that the way you do it doesn't help us
get there
so let's come up with a different
strategy on how you encourage me to do
better at this to reach our goals that
kind of really like breaking it all
apart because even if your inherent
strategies like when we first got
together the way we saw things were very
different like our strategies and so
yeah and go into that like if you guys
have different ways of doing things I
would just sit down and talk about what
are you both trying to get to what's the
results you're trying to get and hey if
you do want to get this result out of me
this is actually a tweak to a strategy
that I think you need because otherwise
you're not gonna I'm not gonna be able
to get there and vice versa so I'm kind
