I was waking up at 3 o'clock in the
morning every morning into this state of
sort of existential panic I I didn't
know what was wrong but there was this
feeling that I was falling and that
there was just nothing to catch me mhm
and I intuitively knew that it had to do
with a spiritual crisis that it had to
do with did you have that word for it I
didn't have the word I'll tell you a
moment that I that I knew I was actually
in the middle of my yoga practice I was
standing in tree pose in this little
room doing yoga and the word devotion
actually presented itself to me like it
was almost like in neon it was like red
and flashing and the moment that
happened I thought oh that it all came
together that's what this is I am in a
spiritual crisis I need to understand
this I need to write about this because
that's how I understand things by
writing by writing it's the only way I
know to know what the heck is going on
in my mind as I was reading the book I
was saying you know what's interesting
is you were feeling this sense of Ange
the sense of urgency this sense of you
know flooding your body all of the time
but at least you were feeling it I think
so many people are so disconnected and
numbed by the routine of life that
they're that they don't even have an
opportunity to stop and know what
they're feeling and that's why sometimes
it's 3 o'clock in the morning it's
waking you up well this is the feeling
that I had was that I would get my whole
day done and check everything off every
list that I had to do and drive
everywhere that I had to drive and do
everything that I had to do and get
dinner on the table and and answer
emails and just do all of the things in
that in that analyst then their last
thought it might is oh we're running out
of dog you know the same thing there
everybody fall asleep and then something
in my being yes what's forcing me awake
because it was the thing that I hadn't
dealt with it was the most important
thing but you know the the what happens
in life is it's just very easy to kind
of say well I'll deal with that later
I'll get to that at some point
yeah so you're blessed to have that
