he's got Magnus for the Magnus in there
referee referee in it I'll say this
right I do not trust the Iceland mix I
do not trust them at will Strongest Man
2017 they were the ones that cried and
stomp their feet and said that you know
the referee cheated them and that's the
only reason I warned the world Strongest
Man they then tried to say there were
brakes on a plane they were just all
sorts of crap and the following year the
same icelandic s-- were pulled up
discrepancies on Brian Shaw's deadlift
trying to say that Brian didn't complete
the lift within the time limit it's just
that I just don't trust the Icelandic
stay I will pull anything out of their
pockets to try and beat me or do
anything to top anybody so I don't trust
them I do not trust them if they if
they're going to say that's 500 one kilo
on the bar I don't trust them so they
can say it's calibrated plates
calibrated bars that can have the
referees there I don't trust them to do
it legitly
I really do not trust them and again
say whatever you want but if that if the
tables were turned if I was going to go
for Farmington kilo in my in my Gemma my
basement downstairs but of calibrated
plates and a referee no one would count
it no one would come that as a world
record so I'm not gonna count it as a
world record he's got to do it he's got
it you know he's had plenty of
opportunities this last four years is
that four years it's telling everybody's
gonna do it and he has do you know he's
not the capabilities why all of a sudden
it's like well go into this pandemic and
you know there's like nowhere nowhere to
run and now he's gonna do in his home
gym he's got plenty of opportunities
could have run it in Dubai you know late
on last year he could have done it
Europe Strongest Man II opportunity
Jones live it's just seeing it just
doesn't feel right to me you know why
not wait till this is over wait till I
don't know October you know when the
when the the world's ultimate strong run
does the deadlift and people could say
I've been disrespectful I don't care if
the tables were turned if I was doing
that people were called BS so I'm
calling base on four and say you know I
only know what it takes so that's where
I stand on the four fiber one deadlift
next question that Gino one two seven
