not the finished design but that is my
own beer tastes delish yes so and I've
kind of turned my training into more
explosive so I'm keeping the size
keeping the strength but I'm doing more
explosive more fitness movement so you
don't go for bike rides I'm doing 20
rounds on the boxing bags I'm doing head
poultry and I'm doing set up press up
star jumps I'd say I'm probably at about
200 and a half to two hours of weights
and then probably about an hour and a
half to two hours of cardio and I'm
absolutely loving it you know get it up
every morning having a breakfast and
then I'm in the gym till till midday you
know and then the seams get out the gym
of me dinner and then I'm out going for
bike rides and whatever so I might just
keep you inactive I think if I didn't do
that and I just stayed still I would
drive myself insane Oh reactive where
would that be you know ten sit-ups ten
ten ten press ups ten squats
ten lunges doing a ten minute lon it's
so important for you guys to keep going
out and doing that just for your own
sanity really just for your insanity
just keep yourselves feeling healthy in
here as well as in here
