just keep yourselves feeling healthy in
here as well as in here
right 14-under slash Andre under / 88
what was your first motorcycle so I
first motorcycle was I think it was a
Suzuki rm50 so it's basically an
off-road motorcycle so a 50 cc
motorcycle that I had when I was 16 and
I bought it out to an 80 cc and I tell
you now it was
it was the most fastest most ridiculous
50 cc bike out there like it would do 80
mile an hour it would do naught to 60 in
like five or six seconds it's ridiculous
for a 16 year old kid are very proud to
have an off you know an off road by the
loop so also as I said my haircut look
so bad you know what my wife's our
bother so I've got no excuses for this
but she's been like because because a
shop is closed he's not cutting any one
else's hair she refuses to cut my hair
just to have a laugh really so yeah I'm
gonna buy a proper afro by the end of
this quarantine that's for sure
