you only need a little space as well
right hearing it all but who is the best
person you've trained with for them why
I think the best person have ever
trained with has got to be Brian Shaw
and I'm not just saying that because
he's a fellow will Strongest Man I'm
saying that because he has such a good
mindset when it comes to sport you know
getting things done being professional
and of all the people I've trained I
think Martin Ford would be up there as
well to be honest because he's really
he's just such a such a knowledgeable
guy good friend of mine pushes you to
the max as well but I think what Brian I
think Brian's more my territory you know
he's been there he's done it and I
learned so much from Brian not just how
to train but how to act how to be
professional how to be outside the sport
so you know I've got no shame in saying
that Brian Shaw was one of my heroes has
been from one of the early days and
still is now you know 4,000 world's
strongest man an amazing businessman and
you know just a nice Family Guy as well
it's just such a good person to look to
and I cast him as a good friend as much
mock him and take the mickey out of him
I I really like Brian he was a good
friend of mine I've got a lot of time
for Brian right or in dot rub Ridge how
well did the stem-cell treatment work
and how has the bicep tear recovered so
I had stem-cell treatment at the back
end of last year I think it was I'm
gonna say October time last year and
they said it took about three months to
kick in genuinely why I was on my back
for about a month after that like I
didn't feel good I don't know if it's
just because when I had it during I was
I was traveling so much working so hard
and for about four weeks after the stem
cell I just crashed why really just
really down and crashed but once I got
through that period I felt great like I
felt as though my body had been reborn I
was at a bit of a spring and step
honestly like I felt as though the hair
was going back in the corner of my hair
I felt like it did I thought I'm a hair
was growing faster on my beard my hair
my nails were growing faster
I don't know if that's a sign of stem
cell but I just I just felt like a bit
younger if that makes sense I felt like
well I gotta decide more of a spring in
my step
able to train a little bit harder just
felt good just felt better and I think I
think for what it is you know what I did
go and do it again yes I would 100% I
would going through the stem cell again
because I do feel as though it helped I
feel as though it helped me train harder
the bicep feels good is it still
detached but the doctor said I'd lose
15% strength in this arm but honestly
like other than the odd shoulder niggle
doing biceps and triceps and everything
else and shoulders it might hurt a
little bit more but it's it feels just
as strong as this on that's all I can
say you know it feels good feels good
right now right so mr. Fixit hey Eddie
will you be doing more stuff for us
early when the virus is all done with
Ross's infectious happiness is the
perfect antidote you know what Ross
actually if anyone wants to cheer
themselves alright now head to Ross at
his YouTube channel because that guy is
just a bundle of joy all wrapped up in a
