rowing machine as well so I might have a
crack at that pretty soon right L
understand a slash o one will you
introduce your son to strongman now
introducing your kids to sport is
something that they've got to do on the
road and I feel I think that you know my
son's obvious going to be a big lad I'm
six-three my wife's ex fourth he's going
to be a big boy he's gonna be over 65
maybe 6x plus he's big-boned he's a big
lad
but you know what I feel as though if
you're gonna be one of those parents
that pushes your kids into sports they
tend to do the opposite so I'm just
letting max be max you know do what he
wants or what's the players Xbox it can
plays Xbox what's go out for a bike ride
we go for a bike ride what's new boxing
will be boxing once you're strong mildly
strong that it's totally up to him and
you know I think that's the way I'm
going to keep it as well right can you
