straight in there right this is from
Nick Ruby she okay this is the question
do you personally think for should do
more than 501 considering you broke it
by so much before so so I'm sure the
world knows for is going for the world
record that left on May the 2nd in
Iceland it's going for 501 kilo you know
what brick in it is breaking it if he
breaks it buy it buy a kilo or 10 kilo
30 kilo it doesn't matter really if it
breaks it he breaks it
I will say that I broke it by
thirty-seven kilos in one day you know I
did something special I broke that fire
in tequila barrier when everybody for it
was possible we wouldn't even be talking
about the five and tequila deadlift
if it wasn't for me right now and as
I've said before I'm getting sick and
tired of people saying they're going to
pull it for especially I'm just sick to
death of hearing I'm sick to death I've
seen my name and his in his title on
YouTube videos the farm and one kilo and
titles and YouTube videos and it's just
plug in it's using my success to Dragon
for his views
it's I'm just sector that father if
you're going to pull it and pull it it's
been four years you know I've had the
farm and Aquila deadlift no one has come
close for four years that is unheard of
in strength world you know records are
lasts a year or two at tops but for a
records last four years very proud of
that I will say this you know before I
was going for the 500 1 kilo deadlift
he's doing it in his GM now one of the
circumstances it's tough because if I
said four years ago
if I pull five endure kilo in my gym
with you know my weights and my sponsors
pushing it my sponsors supplying the
weights my sponsors giving the prize
money my sponsors giving me the live
stream if I did that four years ago in
my GM people would call bullshit people
say it wouldn't count referee there or
not so it's a tough one you know it is a
tough one the circumstances make it very
hard for this to be made possible for is
going for it's doing it in his home gym
I believe in Iceland
he's got Magnus for the Magnus in there
referee referee in it I'll say this
