led up to it the four process yeah okay
right I mean the five in tequila
deadlift was something that's been
talked about for many many years it is
you know I remember reading on strem
forums are we ever gonna see a 500 kilo
delyth in our lifetime and every single
answer was no
and I remember back in 2015
I pulled the world record that with 463
kilos in front of their an 8000 strong
crowd in Leeds and I did it pretty easy
you know I did it for a speed rep and I
remember going to the promoters after
that show and at the time you know I was
doing okay money-wise but I felt as
though I needed to up the ante needed
the last bit of pocket change to take me
to become the world Strongest Man
so I said promoters after that pull the
463 if someone was to come and pull five
and aquila next year how much would you
pay them and they literally loop to each
of them alive how much do you want so we
agreed a deal and within that deal I had
a friend go away and I can't say too
much about it obviously but I had a
friend go away and put a big bet on me
pulling Farmington kilo off the floor
considering that the world record at the
time was thirty-seven kilos under what I
was claiming to go and be able to be
done so I guess the reason why I did it
was for money point-blank I needed the
money to become the world Strongest Man
I feel the you know spending 250 pounds
a week on food two hundred fifty pounds
a week on physio and over two hundred
and fifty pound a week on recovery
methods such as shockwave treatments
kyra therapy you know stuff like and
then all the other costs and expenses
you know by mouth guards and all the
sleeves and whatever else I was easily
easily spending 800 pounds a week on
myself just to become the world
Strongest Man that's not including the
mortgage the bills the kids the wife the
cars that's 800 pounds a week just on me
to become the world's strongest man and
