even have you because I believe that
there was more in me that day a lot more
I think that the 5 into kilo you know
I've won the world Strongest Man after
I've reached the pinnacle I've done I've
done the best thing that in my eyes
that's the best Holly whom win on this
planet you can be the fastest man the
cleverest man the fattest man the
slowest man it doesn't mean anything to
me
to be the strongest man on the planet is
the Alpha and the five under kilo
deadlift top that for me it was above
and beyond the expectation of reaction I
expected it was amazing and I think it
was that feeling of doing the impossible
it was that feel you know as roger
bannister
you know roger bannister very vocal said
he was gonna run a four-minute mile and
everyone laughed and everyone said it
was an idiot and then he did it he made
it possible and he became that legend he
became that person that everyone
remembers for the first man to run a
four-minute mile roger bannister
everyone remembers the alarm strong
first one on the moon and I I'm the
first man to left-half turn off the
floor
and I think that that for me means more
than anything it means more than a wall
strongest man tile it means more than
Britain Strongest Man it means more than
anything it was it was a stake it was
something that I think it's gonna be in
the history books for ever you know the
