nutritionists you name it I had it and I
used all that to my full advantage so I
was suggested to go see a certain
scientist who specialized in strength
you know and how to relieve strep and
how the human body works insulin sort of
recruiting muscle fibers and how you
relay that into movements and he
explained to me that a day-to-day person
you know takes the kids to school goes
goes to work go shopping whatever they
have access to 50% of the muscle fibers
that most someone that trains sort of
2030 hours a week so quite an elite
sportsmen or sports person sorry
whatever access to I think it was 65 to
70 percent of it 70 percent was the
maximum that they could recruit to their
muscle fibers so you know someone like
myself training 38 50 odd hours a week
in the gym can only have access to 70%
amount of my true potential
but then explain to me that you have
scenarios that have literally this has
been recorded as well where families and
people have been in car crashes and
people have been trapped under cars
mostly kids and women women have been
able to lift a car up off the ground and
save their children and that's been
recorded
and explain to me that that they can
recruit a hundred percent of them muscle
fibers through the fight-or-flight
scenario and it's something that can't
be faked it's it's it's something that
it can only happen in under assert
certain circumstance so for instance if
someone's got a gun to your head saying
give me your wallet you're gonna give
him your wallet if they've got a you
know got a gun to your head saying punch
that guy in the face you gotta punch
that guy in the face you got a gun T ID
saying pick up that 200 kilo deadlift
I'm gonna blow your head off you're
gonna give it a go on you and more than
likely you're gonna do it so it was that
fight or flight or fight or flight
scenario that I walked away with that
knowledge like right I've got to get
myself in a situation where I get a mass
release of adrenaline and I'm able to
lift this fabric Y so I started talking
