something that I think it's gonna be in
the history books for ever you know the
first man in history to lift half a ton
and I think that's that's I can take
great satisfaction out of that you know
there's been a lot of talk since up all
the founder kilo of people wanting to
pull founder kilo people saying they're
gonna pull found a key book people
creating different bars to make it
easier to pull 500 kilo on you know what
you know if you can talk the talk walk
the walk come and lift farming tequila
on a calibrated bar calibrated plates
are front of a wheel Strongest Man
referee nowhere to hide ten thousand
strong crowd and pull over five hundred
kilo come and prove it pack what your
bullshit because I'm set to death
of people saying they're gonna pull
fountain tequila oh oh you know it's
third event or or maybe I'll do it next
year after it a year out or um it's a
different bar wasn't wearing a suit kind
of suit on get your straps on coming to
the world guide left champs dance live
and Paul five hundred monkey uh stop
hiding away and come and do it because
I'm sick of the bullshit it's been four
years now four years since I pulled
family to kill off the ground and the
closest to me is four hundred and
seventy four kilos so cut the bullshit
out and come and pull I do believe that
there are people out there that can pull
Fanta cue off the ground but I don't
believe that they've got the genitalia
to put the commitment in and go to that
place that I went to I went to that
place to pull founder Q off the ground
and I don't think I don't think anyone's
got the the capabilities to recreate
what I did in my head and pull five him
to keel off the floor and if they can
good luck to him I will be the first man
to say well done because I know what it
takes guys I didn't realize that we were
