influencer author and entrepreneur
Hannah Hart Hannah welcome to the show
thanks for having me I love your
curtains thank you
I usually ask my guests how'd you get
this job oh that's a great question I
guess it's more like how did you make
this job you know because we were in the
I started in March of 2011 and it was
actually quite accidental I would just
go and study literature and Japanese
language and was pursuing a career in
translation so I moved from San
Francisco where I'm from to New York to
be a proofreader at a translation firm
and what that's really like is something
I like to ascribe as white-collar mining
because you're just looking through
stacks and stacks of papers for errors
and so one day I was one day I was
talking to a friend on gchat you know
cuz I just got in this laptop with a
little webcam and I she was saying I
miss you dude you know I miss when you
would like get drunk and cook man and I
was like dude because that's how we talk
dude I'll make you a video right now so
I opened up photobooth and recorded my
drunk kitchen episode one
even though was just called my drunk
kitchen and just sent it to her via
YouTube because at the time YouTube was
just a way to send someone a video and
then from there in the comments section
I saw well so then from there all these
strangers started watching it and in the
comments section people were saying
things like this is my new favorite show
on YouTube and I was like show on
YouTube what are they talking about and
then I did a little digging and found
out that people had an entire subculture
of entertainment online a lot of people
