highlighters and like you know one
nighttime products over here and then we
were thinking about it in order of how
somebody might put this on their face so
those things go first and then please
correct me if I'm wrong but we go to
blush right and then you move down into
your highlighters which we put just
below and then you can finish it off
with the finishing powder moving over
here we've got our lipsticks all
together with some chapstick we've
actually stored the lipstick upside down
so that way you can see the color
swatches and know quickly what you're
wanting and grab it and then this is
really like our tools right so you've
got your brushes tweezers trimming your
eyebrows everybody does it and the fan
and then other beauty tools like
we've got makeup remover which I don't
know about anybody else but it's part of
my beauty routine because inevitably I
screwed something up and I have to erase
it and start over again the one thing
that I really like about this divided
tray is that it lets us put and like a
bunch of different categories all
together but in a very accessible and
visually I think pleasing way and then
you've got this pad with a little drawer
underneath because who doesn't want to
have quick access to their face masks I
can't imagine him right right once you
get on in here talk about thanks KITT so
in this last tower I have to start over
I'm liquid eye shadow on my lips but no
wonder it's tingling my lips it's not
for my lips we have created an eye zone
over here so all of the eye palettes and
eyeshadows all of the palettes are
upright and you can grab exactly what
you need and it won't get messed around
in a drawer where they might get broken
and then each drawer has its own
category this one is for lashes and this
one is for the brows so I make up in one
specific zone Kent I got the giggles you
gotta join me over here I can't do this
alone
when she walks away I just if I need the
camaraderie so that's a wrap on our
Beauty basics I feel like we just
scratched the surface but we did hit a
lot of good initial first steps let's do
an edit make sure you're checking to
make sure that nothing is beyond its
shelf life correct and then you're gonna
categorize which is essentially sorting
the items by type yes and that can look
different for everyone so right which
leads us to our next step which is to
systemize in a way that makes sense for
you so starting to think about our items
of living on the countertop are there
living in drawers what are we using most
often make sure always items that you
use often are visible and accessible
which kind of leads us to step four
which is using products to help you with
visibility and accessibility of items
yeah leave a comment below and ask us
any questions we love to hear from you
and like and subscribe just remember if
it's practical for you it's perfect for
you thanks for joining as a lipgloss cuz
