audience just couldn't get enough and
the reason why you have worked so well I
think is because you know in every
moment no one can ever accuse you of
being inauthentic
you've always always just been yourself
yes thank you but Thompson is downs yeah
there are many many times when I've
watched the show back because you don't
hear the backstory
um you don't really know what's going on
outside the room and you know you hear a
story about the cat died minutes ago and
I'm singing this song for my cat I don't
know that and when I watch it back and
I'm being vile to them it's up god I
wish set that I knew about the cat do
you have a lot of I wished I hadn't say
they said that a few oh yeah but
obviously you're not a person who cares
whether people like you or not because
you couldn't be who you are
no I mean you couldn't be so honest
about it okay know what you think you
know what I'm saying I do know what you
say look I do trust the fact that most
people who I've met you know when you go
out yes and people can love and say yeah
yeah they're very very nice to me and
what most people say is is they said you
kind of say what I'm saying I'm thinking
yeah chance to what what happened so you
say what's actually on your mind sure
yeah we know there are a lot of people
who because you're so pointed direct
candid in your responses as a judge
think that you are arrogant and think
that you are you know out of control and
that you have an ego but then there are
people who know you who say that you are
you know warm and generous and all of
that so which is the real you
combination to say oh I mean of course I
haven't either
um and you have to have an ego you've
got to be incredibly competitive I can
