change in the situation and all of that
I wouldn't it hasn't caused friction but
I've definitely felt disappointment
because she's never voiced it like that
but I definitely feel like it's I'm not
delivering as much as she would like to
but um front like before and I've had to
accept that yes we're not as close
anymore just on a daily basis you know
you're talking to someone all the time
it's the little things I'm really upset
today you know Susan I literally don't
have that feel
you don't have nope like I know and you
want me to experience life like you do
and I'm just like inside of insights if
you're connected with somebody because
you hear about them more daily things
than you do like as a general I don't
really experience one is better than the
other I think if I'd say better but I
definitely think more I'm more connected
I guess that would be better then yeah I
disagree with you then no I trust me I
know that we are like night and day on
this which goes back to the wofully bit
