adhering to that then there needs to be
you know gratitude abounding yeah and in
our case I literally just turned to my
mother-in-law and said like I had to be
selfish in them what do I want out of
life right I really love what I do I
love the work that I put in I adore your
mother but I can't commit that same
amount of time that I used to now I
choose not to commit that said a man
time and so just telling her like I
really love you and when we do connect
to make sure that she feels that right
taking care of her or whatever her love
language is making sure that I do that
but ultimately I've let go of feeling
guilty about that about connecting with
my family like I just can't do
everything and so I've chosen to not
speak to them every day or every week
but when I do I'm always like fully
engaged with them and let them know how
I feel about them let them know that I
love them and if they're feeling needy I
try to encourage that discussion but at
the end of the day like if your mom
turns around and was like I need you to
call me more I'd be like I love you so
much and I hope that we can get through
this but I just can't do that like I I
