by the way how are things in your head
office where is your head office for
most people I know this is their head
office the problem is it's a really
crappy office your head evolved to do
some very sophisticated things what
you're doing right now you're noticing
in this situation the environment you're
using long term history and pattern
recognition that's a light that's a
person that's a presentation you're
doing that brilliantly computers can't
even come close to that and yet you go
to the store to buy lemons and you come
back with six things and no lemons what
happened you were using that as your
office and it sucks us in office it
really does your brain actually did not
evolve to do a very good job at
remembering reminding prioritizing or
managing relationships before between
guests how many things it can do that
with a certain number guess what that
number is before you start to sub
optimize your cognitive process new
research for things that's it folks as
soon as you add a fifth or a six you're
gonna be driven by latest and loudest
now I stretched that a little bit and
one of my jobs back forty five years ago
I was waiting on tables and a cool
little French restaurant in West LA the
cool thing about being a waiter in that
restaurant was to see how big an order
you could take without writing anything
down I got up to a six stop I could
handle six people I couldn't do seven I
could do six standing there casual
elegant slightly snobbish yes I think I
mean we're talking appetizers you know I
don't race stuff to drink me making
recommendations between the wines well I
think Matt that madam I think Oh
excellent choice MANET very good I take
that order and six people casually
elegantly walk back to buy as soon as it
got behind the kitchen door
I'm totally maxed that was it I couldn't
