of hours 101 it's a basic principle of
stress-free productivity so here's a big
idea for your folks and that's your mind
for having ideas but not for holding him
it was not designed for that it really
wasn't now when I was just a year old I
was already using my head as my office I
could tell right I mean that's serious
stuff going on all right man geez and I
was probably a lot more serious than I
should have been however I had no idea
what was coming toward me as I began to
grow up that's what started to show up a
little more complexity in my life right
and I started to get very hungry to find
out how to stay clear amidst all of this
and get into clear space I discovered
the value of having clarity and nothing
in my mind I loved that freedom I love
that peacefulness I love that sense of
no distraction of being fully present
with what I'm doing that's a high highly
cool place to be so I there is an image
about that state and it's possible to
get to that state I steal an image from
the martial arts mind like water the
metaphor is basically water is highly
flexible it's very fluid and it seeks
balance and it's always totally
appropriately engaged with its
environment it doesn't overreact it
doesn't under react if you're taking one
meeting to the next emotionally are you
taking home to work in your mind or work
at home in your mind you're not in a
mind like water state we're talking
about clear now as I trained to get a
black belt in karate in my 20s I started
to experience some meditative kind of
exercises that are that happen in the
martial arts many times there may be a
spiritual component to that but boy
there's a real practical component to
that if four people attack you in a dark
alley you do not want 2,000 unprocessed
emails hanging in your psychie folks
you need to be clearer and clearer and
clearer yo
what's got the beer right nothing on my
mind right so I tasted the value of that
