talk about it that is a conversation
that that will need to be had Christine
you saw both interviews just overall
your impressions and the fact that Tiger
you know he did talk about more personal
things than he has in the past he did
Robin and he was more real than he was
back in February during that public
statement his speech I think that's a
start for him you know but he's still a
control freak isn't he you know here he
has Tom there and it's five minutes and
then the Golf Channel five minutes and
Tom did a great job in those five
minutes mhm but but that's you know
that's Tiger wanting to be kind of
in-your-face I'm still on top of this so
I think again the same question still
exists how much has he changed again
it's his right to say it's a private
matter but he did go back to that
several times why Tom's great question
about if it if you it was private well I
have a public apology so there are lots
of things for those of us who are
covering the Masters to continue to want
to ask him including the
performance-enhancing drug issue that I
know Tom would have liked to get you but
of course didn't have time for all of
that
yes that's indeed in five minutes he did
