conference admitting and apologizing for
cheating on his wife Elin this morning
was the first time he's faced questions
from the media and here's what he had to
say tiger you've been a master of
control your entire life how did things
get so out of control going against your
core values losing sight of it
I quit meditating I quit being a
Buddhist and my life changed upside-down
I felt I was entitled which I never had
felt before
and consequently I've hurt so many
people by my own you know reckless
attitude and behavior were there moments
you thought you should stop but didn't
yeah I tried to stop and I couldn't stop
and it was just horrific for a man who's
so disciplined physically and
psychologically why couldn't you say no
I don't know now I know but at the time
that's part of what I learned in
treatment be in there for 45 days Muller
a lot he strip away the denial the
rationalization and you come to the
truth and the truth is very painful at
times and to stare to self and look at
the person you become become disgusting
how will your therapy affect your 2010
schedule I'm assuming you'll have more
inpatient therapy and yeah I will have
more more treatment and more therapy
sessions and as far as my schedule going
forward I don't know what I'm gonna do
kill last year I didn't know because of
my knee is so uncertain and this year
with all the things that I've done I
don't know I'm gonna do in the future
either and that to me is a little bit
bothersome too in the sense that I don't
like I'm not knowing what to do but what
I know I have to do is become a better
person and that begins with learning
more treatment you went from being
recognized as the greatest golfer in the
world to becoming a punchline how did
that make you feel it was hurtful but
then again you know what I did it and I
don't know one who did those things and
looking back on it now with a more clear
head
I get it I can understand why people
would say these things because you know
what
it was discussing behavior and it's hard
to believe that was me looking back on
it now America was concerned when the
world's greatest golfer was lying on the
ground with no shoes at 2:30 in the
morning
bleeding what happened that night well
it's all in police report and you know
that they they investigated and they
have it and it's public record and
there's last stuff you know between even
either that will remain private and
what's not in how did you crash the car
I wasn't going very fast but
unfortunately you know I had a few
things it's been reported that members
of your team your inner circle were
involved in your misdoings is it true
that is not true
it was all me I'm the one who did it I'm
the one who acted the way I acted no one
knew what was going on when I was going
on
I'm sure if more people would have known
I'm in a circle they would have never
stopped it try to put a stop to it but I
kept it all to myself what is the state
of your marriage with Ewan right now
we're working on it and it's a process
that will remain private between her and
I if your father were here today and
look back on these last four months what
would he say to you he'd be very
disappointed in me
we'd have numerous long talks and that's
one things I miss I miss his guidance
wish I could have had his guidance
through all this to have him help
straighten me up I know he would have
done it what do you think he would say I
can't say it on pot hair but he would
have he would have been very direct and
and basically said you know you need to
get your life ahead in the right
direction again for the 12 year olds and
the parents out there that looked at you
as a role model what do you want to say
to make them believe in you again well
it's going to be over over time let's
mean my actions over time I'm trying to
become a better person each and every
day and there's the proof in the pudding
is overtime and that's what I'm trying
to do what I will continue to do that
and how will you explain this to your
children one day when they're old enough
to understand yeah well that's it don't
talk it won't be just one time I know
that it'll it'll be numerous times and I
take full ownership of it I did it
no one else did it was just me and
that's responsibility I will have I will
talk to my kids for however long they
want to talk about it that is a
conversation that that will need to be
had based on all that is transpired what
do you want your legacy to be when all
is said and done just like I wanted
before now I felt that golf was the
vehicle for me to help a lot of people
and my dad had always said something
that I never really quite understood
until these times in order to help other
people yet the first learned how to help
yourself and going into treatment center
for 45 days I learned a lot I learned
how to help myself and that's the way I
can help others down the road I noticed
