dreams they have then we link their
goals to them that's amazing
tell me about the time where you were
trying to give a speech and you were so
freaked out that your vision was blurry
and it couldn't even read it was on your
card because honestly like if I hadn't
heard you tell that story I would just
assume you're really good at this
by nature because you're so good at this
like you're so good at communicating
it's crazy and I've seen you in front of
like 50 thousand people's bananas right
so how did you start from like just
absolutely being paralyzed by fear like
what was that process oh my gosh
so well you really do your research yeah
my first time I talked I literally went
up and blanked out like I literally
could not think I could not see the card
how I fixed it speaking was over time
but I'll give you a couple of key things
on speaking for everybody one I had to I
had to figure out you know what someone
said because you love baseball
you don't stutter when you talk about
baseball you don't get insecure I go
well I love that and I believe in it
they're like oh you don't you know you
talk about your kids you're great I
thought oh there's a correlation here
between me actually saying what I
believe and what I'm passionate about
and my ability to communicate it and so
that now my first layer is always I must
be passionate about it and I must
believe it and I'm never doing an
impression of another person so I always
come from a place of saying what I
really believe because you can't
transfer to somebody that which you
don't experience yourself I can give you
passion I can give you energy I can give
you my belief if I'm experiencing it big
key as a speaker I'll give everybody
stop trying to convince everybody of
what you're saying that's not the
threshold of being a good communicator
people do not need to believe what
you're saying they need to believe you
believe what you're saying and as long
as they believe you believe what you're
saying you're an effective speaker I
stopped trying to get people to believe
me there's a neediness there's a
salesmanship to that I stopped that it's
a subtle difference I just want you to
believe I believe it that's influence
influences you believe I believe it Wow
yeah that's that that's a pretty intense
