start with that is where does
self-confidence come from right which is
important because there's no
relationship between that and eroding
your self-confidence in other words
self-confidence is really self trust so
the first thing is the people I know
that are really happy are very
self-aware in fact the best
entrepreneurs I know are very self-aware
they're aware of their shortcomings
right they want to improve them they
want to get to the next version of
themselves all the time and so for me
self-confidence comes because I didn't
have it and I think anytime you meet
somebody like yourself or myself who
might now appear self confident it's
because I really had to find tools and
resources because I was so insecure and
shy and introverted so I had to find
techniques and resources to build that
up in me and for me it's very simple
it's the promises that I keep to myself
if I have a habit over and over again to
stack one on top of the other of keeping
promises I make to me not other people
in other words the minute you begin to
get external in your life worrying about
what other people think about you right
you've out you've lost all control you
and it never fills you up and people's
admiration people's gratitude towards
you will never fill you up it's your own
it's your own inside and so for me
self-confidence comes from keeping the
promises I make to myself and the other
part of it is being aware I'm doing it
