find you and it's I've been for a long
time wanted to be in your presence so my
morning routines are really detailed I
get up and I hydrate the second thing I
do every morning is I do something cold
something cold so whether that's I jump
in the ocean because now I live in the
ocean but in those days it was taking a
cold shower or splashing some cold water
in my face or walking out when it was
cold it shocks our nervous system our
flight kicks in we're at a cellular
electrical live State I obviously do
some prayer and meditation every single
morning I've still not touched my
telephone so there's a rule there's 30
minutes I cannot touch my telephone when
I wake up that's the hardest thing to do
in the world and the thing that could
benefit you the most because what's ever
on that phone you have to react to and
typically it's stuff that's not great
and so I don't touch that I do my
meditation on my prayer and I do some
stretching I do some breathing exercises
and then at that point I allow myself to
enter the world after I've got my state
controlled and I work out every morning
except for Sunday so I work out every
morning talk to me about working out
