it does it shifts your identity
I talked to me about identity because
that is so I heard that first from Tony
that Tony Robbins the notion that
identity drives behavior and it was one
of those like lightning-rod moments I
was like whoa that's the hook right if I
want to change like my behaviors I need
to think of myself in a different way
correct you've leveraged identity really
powerfully how have you've done it and
like what are some specific moments
where identity came to your rescue so
identity is the governor on our lives
it's the invisible force that no one
understands and once they do understand
and get a hold of it their life can
change and so not only if you don't get
a hold of this will these outward
conditions of your life keep being
exactly the same but it's you could
behave differently could do all the work
now you could be thinking great thoughts
but you are going to get out of your
life you're gonna be the most powerful
force in the world I think is to be
consistent with the concepts ideas and
worth that you hold for yourself you
will get that out of your life what you
will tolerate okay the deeper part of
that is identity and so identity is very
much like a thermostat sitting on a wall
right this is important once that
temperature is set at a certain degree
everything in the world externally can
hit it and you will find a way to get
that temperature so even in this house
let's say it's set at 80 degrees if we
opened up all the doors and cold air
just the worst things in life the
blizzard or of life came in the
thermostat will kick the heater on and
it will
regulate this room back to 80 degrees
the reverse is also true it's a super
hot day great things are happening in
your life it's getting hotter and hotter
and hotter if you're at 80 degrees that
internal thermostat will find a way over
a window of time to cool your life right
back down to 80 degrees again so the key
the secret key is to be able to shift
that identity 90 120 so some of the ways
strategies to do that are very simple
one is if I let's just say financially
you're a 200-degree or and I'm an
80-degree if I'm in your proximity over
and over and over and over again you
will heat my identity up somewhere in
between mine and yours to 150 degrees
same and fitness
same and everything so the more you can
layer in multiple people the stronger
and stronger that forces so that changes
our thermostat through Association it's
a huge huge huge huge thing people say
you are who the five people you hang
around this is why they adjust your
thermostat that's number one second way
