okay so let me give you these three
things that I promise you the three
things that took me off of a couch with
47 dollars in my bank account mobile
home broke
- you know bigger and better things so
Braille a whiteboard in here my living
room hopefully you saw the video you
came here from a little house tour
little explanation got the fish in the
pond back here I like this room it's
where I read and that's quiet so no
better place for me to show you these
three things so as you watch this
remember the reason you're listening
here has nothing to do with me it
doesn't have to do with if I have
Ferraris and Lamborghinis or big houses
and Beverly Hills who cares really
because this is about you now and when
my mentors had five mentors when they
taught me you know they showed me the
possibilities but then they brought it
right to me and they said here you go do
this stuff this is the principles and so
as you listen to this this very listen
very carefully this is a video that I
don't keep up forever
I just I like to put this stuff out
there for the people that are really
ready so if you're ready this is by and
far away the most important three things
I ever learned if you want to do big
things so if you want to come up out of
nothing you're broke or maybe you're a
little more successful already but
you've plateaued these three letters I'm
gonna show you along with the lessons
that my mentors taught me around these
three letters are going to make all the
difference if you are overweight if you
feel horrible if you are depressed if
your social life sucks these are the
things I use you know that book how to
win friends and influence print people
this is the same stuff right here so you
know the reward for understanding this
is the most important reward it's the
good life and I always say that to
myself on my tie it's not just money you
don't just want money and but you're
depressed you know you don't just want
money but then you have no friends or
you're you know overweight and you don't
feel well physically you got to have it
all you know health wealth love and
these are the dreams and very few people
get all for like a lot of people I know
have wealth you know that's Beverly
Hills Hollywood help people have
wealthier but not everybody has love and
happiness in their life and so how do
you get all four well you have to
understand these principles so I always
say to myself like there's a you know
principles of visualization and positive
thinking and those are all cool I was
talking to a guy who was a professor at
USC Jay salmon and he talks about this
thing effectuation and there's also a
book called the magic of thinking big by
a professor from University of Georgia
who said look if you don't believe some
things and pause something is possible
you'll definitely never do it so part of
why I show my house and cars is to be
like a listen man I was not a trust fund
kid I didn't inherit you know this stuff
I was born to a single mom in Long Beach
California my dad was you know out of
the picture and I didn't grow up in
Beverly Hills so I wasn't around all
this stuff so growing up if you would
have told this stuff to me that I know
now I wouldn't believe that the
education system didn't equip me for
this the my friends and their parents
and my parent they my mom they didn't
know this is possible and so I'm showing
you that this stuff is possible and that
you can rise out of out of wherever you
are you know don't have a college degree
I still don't have a closet degree but
there's a way to rise out of it the
magic of thinking big like that book
says so one thing I'll just warn you
because I'm naturally this way and maybe
you are too it's easy while you watch
something like this to be a little bit a
DD but I got to hang out with on
Schwarzenegger the other day the other
month you know one thing he says about
lifting weights he says you know when
you're in the gym because he still works
out down the street here in Venice
California he goes when I'm not when I'm
in the gym I see people that are not
there texting while they exercise and he
said they never are gonna they're never
gonna get muscles he said if you want to
lift weights lift weights if you want to
text text so as you watch this remember
this is the stuff that no
but he taught you and I you know we both
have a common enemy
the common enemy is the ignorance of our
upbringing remember that you know if you
want to take some notes I'd write that
down that's the common enemy that you
and I have in common is the ignorance
that lets you and let me just tell you
those of you are in some pain like I was
you know financially Oh however was
lonely all those it can get worse you
know it can get that's the bad thing
about losing your momentum it can get a
hell of a lot worse now good news is if
you're alive you can probably pull it
back around and so these three things
that I'm gonna tell you these are how I
got a Ferrari how I got a Lamborghini
how I built multi-million dollar
businesses how I got different homes and
you know across the United States how
I've been able to travel to 51 countries
how I've got awesome friends and how I
get to spend time with the most
interesting people in the world not just
celebrities like Arnold Schwarzenegger
or put people like Elon Musk if you see
my Instagram and stuff like that I
learned so much from these people it's
an exciting life you know it's exciting
lifestyle sometimes I wake up and I'm
like you know man I hope the I hope my
fate stays stays at this momentum never
go backwards and so let me just kind of
jump into these three things for you now
I'm gonna give them as letters I found
with myself you know maybe you've seen
my TEDx talk where I'm talking about how
I read a book a day people ask me how I
remember stuff well one of the simple
ways is just use a simple memorization
tool use some simple letters you know so
the first thing that my five mentors
taught me okay was number one is the
letter K now I don't have the best
handwriting will warn you right now if
you come here bear with me so K the
first letter to remember if you want to
do something big with your life if you
want the good life if you want to maybe
you're already making money as an
entrepreneur you want to make a million
bucks a year you already make a million
you want to go up make five million blah
blah whatever it is
you want to know the K trust me now
how's the K work well let me tell you
sport
so I'm sleeping on this couch in a
mobile home in North Carolina alright
I'm sleeping there and you know I have
nothing no college degree I'd lost touch
with all my friends I didn't really have
I had worked on a farm for five or ten
years so I didn't have any modern-day
skills on how to drive a tractor and
horses and cows and all that stuff so I
didn't have that a car there was an old
junky car that had a hole in the floor
and I remember laying there being like
is this it like this am I done that I
lose out on life and so what happened a
few things happen and I'll share them
right during this little presentation
the first thing somebody handed me a
book and in that book it had one piece
of information no I only remember one
sentence it was actually a book by Tony
Robbins if you've ever heard of him
he was in that movie with Jack Platt
Jack Black hallow Shallow Hal and he's
written all kinds of best-selling books
but in that book he it said there was a
line and it said when you fail you
ponder and when you succeed you party so
therefore all great things come out of
failure because you must ponder and so
it was a bit of information and
knowledge which said when you're down
and out like I was that it could be
harnessed it could be used as fuel to
actually get my way out of that so the
first thing I got was a little bit of
knowledge I'm not using the word
education I'm not using the word
information it was knowledge and here's
the difference in your life you and I
have been spoon-fed a whole bunch of BS
from first grade second grade third
grade you've been fed all this
information I remember social studies in
school and great it's all great to learn
that you learn what the California state
bird and the flat state flower is but
you never learn a formula for financial
success in school especially not when
you're young even though you could learn
it
that's the thing that kills me
everything I know now I could have been
taught when I was eight ten twelve
fourteen kids are smarter than people
think and so the necessary and and today
I was just on the phone with a guy New
York Times Wall Street Journal
bestseller two million books he's sold
he started the largest real estate
company in the world his name's Gary
Keller it's I'd Keller an associate so
the Lord is a residential real estate
company in the world and he was telling
me I asked him you know and he's another
rags to riches story didn't have any
money and built this you know huge thing
and I said well if you had one day left
on the earth and had to give one tip to
your you know daughter or son or a
family what would it be
and he's like you've got to get
knowledge he's like you want to invest
in real estate you have to know what
you're doing and it's not just
information because information just
makes you book smart it's information
that you can apply into action that's
why as you're watching this you know pat
yourself on the back most how many
people do you think in the world will
sit and watch me here you know just with
a whiteboard in my living room not many
so you know you're already kind of on
the on on the pathway and K has to come
first knowledge has to come first people
I got a I have a lot of employees that
work for me in different businesses and
have this guy Kevin and he's awesome and
he's super energetic but he also always
does this step last and so he makes a
lot of mistakes and now he's getting
better at it but if you don't under the
right a book a day easy Warren Buffett
and Bill Gates the two richest men in
the world they both said if they'd have
one superpower it'd be to be the fastest
reader in the world
Bill Gates takes book reading vacations
two weeks he brings 20 30 40 books and
just reads Warren Buffett says he reads
eight hours a day now I'm not this is
not to say you need to read eight hours
a day I didn't pull myself out of that
couch just by reading eight hours a day
but it was the acquisition of knowledge
and the hunger and thirst for knowing
stuff and then putting in it action
information gathering the information in
full you want a vest a real estate
garry teller keller just told me today
he's like start to understand you know
the difference between single family
homes multi-units understand how to
change the zoning understand how to
change the use how to add livable square
footage you want to build an
entrepreneurial venture you need to
understand a little bit stuff you gotta
know what convertible notes are you need
to know what Deven sure's are and now
this might sound foreign cuz it was all
foreign to me I knew nothing I remember
some of my mentors literally they
weren't always the nicest people
laughing at me
being like you don't know this stuff
you're never gonna do anything in life
but I use that as a fuel then laughing
at me became the fuel I said no one's
ever gonna laugh at me like that again I
vowed to myself I someone go out and
find knowledge you know I became a
certified fan aid financial planner I
went out and I studied and I begin to
understand finances understand stock
market I've been in understanding
putting the pieces together like a
puzzle and I'll get in a little more but
I'm gonna just get through these so
whenever you're starting anything
you start with knowledge I'm working on
launching a fashion brand now I don't
come from a background where I have a
specific you know none of my mentors
were in that business but I know how to
anything I want to do I know this
formula will work you know I got to hang
out the other day if you see my
Instagram with them Elon Musk
he started PayPal co-founder PayPal
Tesla SpaceX Solar City you know his
work for richest men in the world
thirteen billion dollars and here's the
crazy thing someone asked him you don't
have a background in starting a
spaceship company like SpaceX or
electric cars like Tesla and he said but
I know how to read and he taught himself
aeronautical engineering so you know
he's a smart guy but still that's that's
understanding the K principle you have
to love knowledge and if that's too hard
you might as well just shut off this
presentation right now and be like
that's not for me cuz you might go buy
yourself a get-rich-quick scheme and it
says you don't need this they're lying
to you
you don't good news is there you don't
have to have a super high IQ you don't
have to have 100
40 IQ 150 IQ that's lots of people kill
it in life who just have an average
above-average IQ you know you deal you
you work with the cards that were dealt
you in life you know so K is the first
one I'm gonna get I'm gonna get a little
more so I'm on the couch I get this book
it's boom it's like a little bit of
knowledge comes in so I was like ah then
the next thing now nobody told it to me
like this I'm telling you the story
after the fact hindsight is 20/20 right
the next one is s now a lot of people
tell me tight a cuz I'm an investor now
like ty will you invest in me I got a
plan but I'm like you know what a plan
is not what you need what you need is a
strategy big difference let me tell you
a story about a strategy so a plan is
where you go first I'm gonna do this
then it's gonna work out and then I'm
gonna do this next and then this but we
all know the realities of life life's a
little bit like war things don't go your
way people betray you there's death
disease there's you know people taking
advantage of you there's recessions and
all this so strategies what a general
does of an army what does it general do
they make multifaceted plans I've talked
about this in another video you know you
move if this worse then you go here if
that doesn't work I always say if you
can't sit in a chair and strategize
every day there's no solution for you
but the good news only takes like 10
minutes a day five minutes maybe 15
minutes now I'm going to show you it's
not quite as simple as that because my
mentor showed me a few tools so mentors
come in in the knowledge and strategy
phase so while I was sleeping on my
couch and I read that book and I got the
knowledge that I didn't have to stay
there that I could there was a way to
pull myself out you could call it the
science of success what happened next
was I said my talked you've got a coach
degreed strategy there's an old saying
two thousand year thousands of years ago
make war with a multitude of counselors
so I started to talk to different people
and one of the people I bumped into said
hey you need a mentor you should you
don't have a cause
you should go into sales so I didn't
know anyone to teach me sales and so I
flipped through the phone book and I
found a full-page ad it was someone I
didn't know there's a stranger that Mike
stained back I figured this guy must be
rich if he has a full-page ad so called
up I said can I have an appointment and
I walked in that door of his office in
Raleigh North Carolina and I said Mike
you know you don't know who I am his
secretary led me back I'll never forget
now in this little hallway secretary
Kathy and and Mike I told him I said
listen you know I got the knowledge I
know enough to be dangerous but I don't
know enough to get what I want I was
like can you help me I'm never dead he
was sitting in this chair big mustache
and just turned to me and he said you
know what I've been looking for someone
like you for 20 years you show up in the
morning and I'm gonna show you what I
know and I was like okay and I start
walking out the door and say one thing
say come back here hey Stu gentlemen
it's all right if you listen to what I'm
going to tell you one day you're gonna
hug my neck and I remember thinking wow
I wonder if he's right and he began I
came back next today I didn't own a suit
I found a suit at a thrift store
remember it didn't fit me right and I
walked in and he began to lay out
strategy multifaceted strategy okay ty
first you know he was in finance if that
was his business it's like cares how you
approach customers and when they say no
here's what should go next and he laid
out like if I diagram that it was like
this whole cool map and I was like man
there's a strategy to making money then
I begin to buy I bought an online course
by a guy named Corey rudl who actually
recently not too long ago died in a car
crash I wish I could have met him
because I bought a course it was like
200 or 500 bucks I forget I bought it
online and it was one of these guys
saying I'll teach you how to use the
internet and I acquired knowledge and he
showed strategy I remember I got it in
the mail it was this whole program and
sure enough he showed me and I became
one of the first people ever 2001 to do
internet advertising Google AdWords and
so I begin to college acquire knowledge
and strategy through books through
mentors through programs in course
that I was buying okay and then last but
not least there's an e this is the
formula never forget these three letters
they will change your life I promise you
okay even now and I don't know what the
hell to do I go back to this KS e and
the s the e in this order by the way you
cannot change the order or you break the
system execution so a lot of people I'll
just say I'm gonna explain this one a
lot of people start executing before
they have knowledge and strategy then
you're like a chicken with your head cut
off running around making mistake after
mistake that's why the average person
who you know tries to start a business
80% of people start a business in five
years they're bankrupt because they
start just executing you know they have
no knowledge or strategy but execution
becomes important and the way you
execute is through immersion emergency
you can't maybe you've tried you know
you see people like trying to go to the
gym right they know they have the
knowledge they need to lose some weight
they read a book and get some strategy
okay go to the gym three times a week
don't eat carbs or whatever but and then
they try to execute but they don't have
the willpower well I have a solution for
that
it's immersion sorry bad handwriting
immersion means getting around other
people or getting being part of a
movement of people executing you know in
a second I'm going to share with you
this little program that I put out that
it's been crazy I put it out on
different test phases and stuff just
like a little test group to see if it
would work and I'm going to let a
certain amount of people from different
parts of the world 40 different
countries people tried to be in this
program where I explained way more in
depth because right now I'm just trying
to keep this short and get you kind of
understanding this but there's intricate
facets imagine if I gave you the full
map where you strategize and you can
build businesses or you can get a raise
where you work or you can get out of
debt or get out of college debt or you
can travel the world or whatever your
thing is and it's this and this and this
and this I can just lay it out for you
so I begin to do
