make decisions and you just continue to
plow forward continue to figure it out
so I wanted to touch on the evolution of
you as a teammate in 2000 I think for
Phil Jackson writes the book yeah and
it's like Kobe's uncle still waiting on
my royalties oh yeah he says Kobe's
uncoachable what was it what was your
reaction in that moment when you see
that you read that a guy that you have a
relationship has success with I was I
was frustrated by it you know I mean
because it was always a type of
relationship where it was like you know
for me it's just come at me direct I
mean I'm right here you don't have to be
yes me we can just hash this out you and
me and he would rather not do that
because that's uncomfortable right he'd
rather go to the media and do it so a
lot of stuff that I read in the book was
the first time I've ever heard any of
this stuff and I'm like dude I'm
literally right here right you know so
when he came back you know that's one of
the things that he said he'd apologize
for because I listen you know I
understand I we should just have a
direct relationship and and that's how
we were able to kind of move forward it
was really frustrating man apologies
