recognize that and you feel a sense of
familiarity that person you said I read
a quote that you said you love business
as much as basketball there's no way
that's true it's 100% real there's no
way you look I mean basketball was your
life you your passion everything you
you're telling me you love doing
business as much if you could you know
basically snap a finger and be twenty
five-year-old Kobe or the Kobe today you
wouldn't go back and keep playing
basketball no because I've already done
it see here's the thing when I was
playing and teammates would say oh
Kobe's not out in the road what is he
doing you see me on the plane he's
reading what is he reading he's writing
what is he writing I'm practicing I'm
writing I'm practicing I'm understanding
how to tell stories I'm reading Joseph
Campbell and how to create arts
compelling arts and plots I'm reading
that stuff so this is going back 15
years right so I don't just retire right
deer basketball and lucky in the winning
an Oscar you don't say yeah stuff comes
from hard work and from studying for 15
years how to write and how to organize
structure right and you can't do that
without having a serious love or
commitment to the craft and and that's I
