you in high school I used to spy guys 99
no kidding
but you know listen these practices of
practices are meant to be competitive
they're meant to be competitive if your
practices aren't more competitive than
the games themselves you're doing the
wrong thing mm-hmm
and most of these teams and coaches have
gotten into a mindset of resting players
oh it's too much you know we're not
gonna practice light daylight daylight
they feel never gave
like they there's no days off you show
up in your work in practice yeah
and practices are going to be worse they
ought to be more physical there's gonna
be more trash-talking I'm gonna let you
know right yeah yeah you're gonna show
up today I'm gonna let you know yeah
it's gonna be embarrassing you're gonna
hate it
but when Game seven rolls around the NBA
Finals you will be prepared mm-hmm who
