trash-talking me MJ I've had by the way
is his 91 MJ versus mile oh three yes
yeah you said that
Tony Allen was the toughest guy to
defend you whose last guy to defend
Kevin Durant okay Kevin Durant that was
the one that I retired without really
having to being able to figure out what
it is that he you know how I can why I
stopped him why when he first came in
the league he was easy to defend because
he couldn't go right and shoot you
should kind of shoot across his face so
that was a weakness that he had also in
the post he couldn't turn left shoulder
everything was right shoulder so that
gave me areas that I could shut off
mm-hmm right and then he started
developing it so I developed it and now
he can pull up left he could pull up
right and you can shoot the long ball he
has runners left hand right hand before
he had a left hand finish at the rim
I could always send them left force him
all the way to the basket even with the
advantage of his size he was still
uncomfortable finishing with his left so
I could clamp the right hand and now
force him into tough situations but now
he developed that so then I couldn't
really figure out is this a rhythm thing
