have broke the record but instead you
know what do you think I mean your
relationship with Shaq I feel like it's
one of the most intriguing relationships
and in all pro sports yeah were you guys
ever at a point where you just wouldn't
even speak no because we were very um
very direct like I said before I'm very
straightforward right I don't care if
you're seven - or six - I got an issue
with you I'm gonna let you know mm-hmm
you know so no so we're always speaking
just sometimes there's more volatile
than others right but we're always
speaking always direct
yeah so and when when that all falls
apart I mean what was your biggest like
where would you say the the biggest
problem with your your communication was
it you know Shack not coming - no it
wasn't season enjoy it's funny when we
sat down we did the interview together
he finally copped to the fact that after
we won championships she's like I can
just relax and Coast over the summer
because I know I got a teammate who's
gonna be training 810 hours a day I was
like see that's the BSS yes that would
piss at shit yeah that's the issue right
that's the issue but also it became a
