the drawings for everyone's character
and they had just finally cast Matthew
Perry as Chandler because I was the last
role to be cast and I still wasn't
getting the name straight it was I knew
ok David Schwimmer
I memorized that one I saw him in that
show Monty he's really good that's good
he's really good Courtney Cox I know who
she is of course okay so she's the
famous one and then there's a girl
Jennifer not Anderson I know that I know
her name her last name is not Anderson
but I can't remember exactly what it is
and then there's a guy can't remember
his name and then they just cast this
other guy that was it because Matthew
Perry was just like cast at the very
last minute so the table read was the
first time that I met everybody and saw
everyone can learn their names and then
was blown away by especially Matthew
Perry because when I read the script I
thought Chandler oh so he's the gay
character that's the gay character and
then Matthew
oh he's not getting up he's doing it but
the characters not gay how is he doing
that oh my gosh I mean to me that was
just wow that's like a magic trick
that's fantastic cuz the characters not
gay at all but when I first read it I
will okay obviously um he was an
