come in as an expert you just have to
and then all you also also have to let
the like baby begin or side of yourself
be alive otherwise the work will be
boring but you have to know like okay I
know we're gonna figure out how to do
the scene whereas in a play you have
weeks to figure out how to do the scene
so you have to live in that incredibly
uncomfortable place of like I don't know
what I'm doing for a long time and it's
horrible so um and especially if you
don't do theater all the time you don't
have that confidence like it's gonna
sort itself out all right
I was remembering it though from the
check off and she came to visit she was
in New York for a couple days and we
went for a walk and I was really like oh
my god I don't know what I got myself
into there and we're walking and we
walked by on 45th Street and Fifth
Avenue I think is the Center for
photography and yeah was all right and
and um and there's a huge there's a sort
of exhibition about the glaciers melting
and there's a picture of these penguins
all in a line about to jump off a
glacier and there's one big one he's
like just just going and she said that's
you that's the kind of like weird thing
you don't tell a director
I can't remember why I was saying that
um how you found sure right so so in so
many I think it's also allowing yourself
to feel like a beginner and feel
uncomfortable and feel like you don't
know is also I think good ammunition for
the work that we do this question
