this character that he wrote so I I
wanted to do it but then I also didn't
want to do it I was like how can I do
this with my little kids and how I I was
looking for a way out and then I had
kind of weird conversation with Hugo on
the phone I was like okay we don't
Warner I'm not gonna do it and then but
I still wanted to do it so he came out
to New York we had lunch
kind of a weird lunch
but I think we were I think it was had a
lot to do with me you know because I was
like I don't I don't know I'm not I
don't trust easily ever and so I was
kind of keeping him at arm's distance I
think and I don't know then we came over
for dinner just I think it was like the
producer and my manager who both really
wanted it to happen kept trying to keep
it going
you know like so I came over for dinner
we had dinner I mean like sort of kind
of got down to it at that point he says
later he felt like I was a horse like a
wild horse that he was trying to like
get into the corral but those funny
