about it I didn't lie
this is from Angela I'm gonna garble
your last name I think it's stable how
do you deal with rejection in your
career I don't know I think rejection in
some ways is less interesting than envy
because like yes of course that comes
with the territory and we there are lots
of parts I wanted to do that I haven't
gotten to do and it hurts and it's very
hard and you know but what I've been
kind of interested in is when other
people get to do them how again like the
difference between like envy and
jealousy versus like curiosity and
support and interest what it gives you
back this is like I don't know I how to
explain this exactly I've certainly felt
envious and jealous and gone oh I would
killed that part you know whatever and
I'm not even gonna watch that movie
because that bitch is in it you know but
that you don't I don't usually feel that
way unless it's a really excellent
actress and so I've observed something
like shifted in me like a few years ago
where I sort of went how many people do
I really think are awesome not that many
not really you know and so actually I'm
super curious about what they're doing
the few that I'm like oh yeah well you
wouldn't I didn't get that job you know
but I
the curiosity kind of leads to again
like kind of rainbow of other feelings
which are way more enlivening than the
jealousy and the envy because I think
that's also something that can kind of
sometimes go along with this work
because there are many people who want
to do one role you know I'm also really
interested in a younger actresses
there's a girl in my play who's just
gotten out of college and was thinking
about just for women in general how
there is there has been a kind of
history or like a trope of like you take
each other down or something I'm so not
interested in that at all I think like
how do we create
like the next generation of really
interesting actresses you know you you
know I mean not that I could teach her
anything but I told her about the
penguin you know and she heard me and I
I I don't know I feel like vo older
actresses the actresses who have
supported me who know more than me it's
meant so much to me you know I don't
know I I it's a rejection we have
nothing we have no control over it
sometimes the reasons why people don't
want you to do something are so strange
though so I don't know I'm rambling a
