I mean I really one thing I felt right
away and I felt on that third day that I
felt terrified and I feel now sitting
here I feel often is this sort of thing
of performing yourself having an
expectation on yourself that you'd be
excellent that you can handle all sorts
of things and you know where is like the
older I get I realized that we're all
just doing our best to be human beings
and struggle through and that is so much
of the lesson that Nessa learns is it
kind of like I mean this first episode
the way I look and speak and the sort of
effort seemingly effortless way that
Nessa functions is is is not without
consequences and the consequences are
killing her and I relate to that and I
think a lot of people I know in their
30s like me relate to that my friends
kind of go like I can't keep this up
anymore you know I'm I'm doing my best
and I sometimes I just start to cry
because it's too much and you know
whatever all the things that actually
being a human being start you know are
such a relief and that's something I
relate to and I put into Nessa from my
own life and I was able to express in
