wrote itself because there's no no name
here but the question is do you ever
find yourself stuck when working on a
character or scene and what technique or
method you used to find your way I often
find yes I do
many often yes but I think that thing of
whatever my real feelings are my
feelings are being stuck my feelings are
being lost my if I can as me they often
are totally appropriate and connected to
what I'm working on I mean I think that
happens pretty naturally to actors and
so if you can allow those real feelings
to be okay it's like a shot in the arm
and it usually leads right to your heart
and then you have because it's you know
usually scared tight confused parts of
yourself that you're you know and so if
you just allow them then you all of a
sudden have like this whole I don't know
the word I want to use this rainbow
forgive me please of like and thoughts
and ideas that are all of a sudden
allowed you know and then there's like I
