is it worth it isn't not worth it and I
was scared and then you know you get to
work and you just have to dive in and we
drove in and we were lucky it was like
we basically didn't talk to each other
we basically ESP to each other all the
time and the thing I think that was
amazing about him is that he was
interested in observing me and I find
with directors the ones that make the
best movies are the ones that are
interested in observing and are not
scared and gripping on to their own idea
but know that there are human beings in
the room with them that are having
experiences and if they can set up a
situation where those human beings can
have a real experience actually learn
something in front of the camera then
everyone's going to want to watch it
because to watch someone pretend to
learn something is so much less
interesting than to watch someone
actually learn something and that only
happens if you're given freedom so he
