being beholden to that gratitude of what
you have so where can people get the
book I guess Amazon and we're all any
good books are sold
exactly it's such a great publisher it's
like you know it's like having a great
label it's like their that's their job
you get the book out there so well you
were together really well man yeah it is
a really great read that takes it fills
in the emotional gaps from the
documentary which was already
exceptional like I said the book has a
beautiful lyrical quality that draws you
into your world and why you create and
the sort of raw questions that you ask
yourself it's really a cool exclamation
point to the journey of a man whose
desire is to connect and I think that
people will really see that from start
to finish
tell these guys where they can find you
uh you could find me well it's very
difficult to find me in person because I
move very quickly but uh actually I post
everything online so but by the time I
post you will I'm gone so but you could
find me in the inner world internet on
Steve Aoki at Steve Aoki I pretty much
everything all the different things out
there all right man what is the impact
