spark when when it happens is such a
powerful feeling and and coming from you
know when I was a kid I was very very
shy I had like a lot of energy I want to
share worth world I'm always combusting
with energy but I was very very insecure
you know I was lost and I didn't know
how to be able to express myself and I
thought I was gonna be like that for the
rest of my life I thought I literally
was gonna be you know in the traditional
sense of being Japanese just stay in
line and be quiet and like kind of move
through life and not not be counted not
not stick your head up too high because
if you do if you live in a community of
where it's 96% white and you do you're
gonna get you're gonna get smashed and
then you won't have a community that can
support you to that make you feel like
it's okay to stick your head up because
culturally my mom is Japanese so she's
like don't rock the boat and whenever
like if I did it's like smash bring you
down you know until I found this other
route or music the subculture community
gave you that the tools to feel like you
could say something now and you can now
talk about your frustrations your you
know anger or whatever might be you the
resentment whatever it is that you're
living with because they're the whole
subculture whose that's what they were
talking about so I finally found that
community so digressing here left and
right but um you know when I really
think about the desire I I like it just
I think it's just now it's just part of
who I am because it's been integral in
