the the sort of boyish enthusiasm is it
just come naturally okay I think one of
the most important thing is talking
about that that I've learned in this
whole game is managing my expectations
because I go into it thinking I well I
go into it knowing that 70% of the
things I want to do aren't going to
happen even at my level and it's going
to continue to be like that but I'm
gonna always aim high and I'm gonna know
that like well it doesn't happen I can
keep going so I have to go into it that
approach I think that's one of the major
lessons I've learned and and all this is
to to manage my you know aim high but
manage my expectations of success so if
people see the 30 percent they don't see
the 70 percent of not making it or not
getting what you want do you think the
70 percent is part of what keeps you
humble yeah I think it's definitely
grounding it's definitely keeps my my
feet on the ground and it makes me
first of all grateful of the 30 percent
you know because that's life you know I
think life for most people's like five
percent
you know like you get you get higher I
think your percentage was higher as you
build your track record of respect and
and and you know respect in your
community then people will work with you
more you know at the end of the day
since I was a kid the respect in your
community is more valuable than how much
money you make or like you know what how
flashy you are you know because that's
why people would want to work with you
is because you're trustworthy respectful
to work with a good build with how you
say what you're gonna do do what you're
gonna say so what advice do you give
