first go into that place and that
questions answered very quickly because
when I play these shows it's it's like
what we talked about before in our first
interview it's that connection I have
with the fans so you know if I was to
like play the opposite if I was playing
if I was a DJ and I was in the back
corner you know the room and not many
people were like they cared about what I
was doing and they were just like
cocktail bar and I'm just you know
playing I probably would quit and do
something else you know there's no
appreciation there but at the end of the
day I'm I make this music so I could
connect with people and then share that
feeling with them and and the deeper the
feeling is the deeper it gives me that
value and it creates that passion Drive
and at the end of the day that
connection and that ability to share and
connect with people is really like why I
even got involved in starting a label
being in a band doing neon future with
you of connecting with all these people
in the comic book world it's like it's
all about creating something that hasn't
impact you know and and being able to
you know obviously you want to inspire
people but being able to like
participate and see that inspiration
happening and and seeing how we are
helping other people in some aspect or
you know doing something that has
meaning and purpose it you know that's
what it really boils down to my like
I've said this many times with my
natural way to to express myself is
through my music so that's always been
my first my first approach but then as
I've you know my platforms been higher
raised higher and higher it's allowed me
to go well now I can get to meet some of
these other people that that are foreign
to me but I want to learn about these
different worlds and and learn about
them essentially to share them share the
ideas with other people because we learn
to share alright we don't like when you
pick up a book and you read a book it's
like if you want to retain the
information to be able to share it with
people right so once again it goes back
to the whole idea of sharing and that
connectivity and and it doesn't matter
if I'm 19 or from 41 or if I'm 60 if I
still have the ability to to share
things that I love that that make me
feel a certain way that give me an
emotional high that that I want to be
able to create more positivity with
other people with then I'm always going
to find that drive that's really an
