Nicky Jam and and and I just made a new
luma and you know and I like I realized
how global my set is and it makes me
really proud because that is me going
around the world being able to connect
and want to work with everyone like I'm
just it's it's actually limitless that's
what's so exciting it's limitless to the
point where I'm like what other things
can I jump into and that's why I like
neon future was a great on the musical
side no less on the comic-book side but
the first of all a musical side it made
me think I can now work with scientists
on songs with Ray Kurzweil with JJ
Abrams with Aubrey de Grey with you know
Bill Nye like anyone can be on a song
you and I could do a song it doesn't
matter if you have any musical
experience because I just need you in
the room and you just be you and then
I'll record Tom Bill you you know like
we could make something together so you
know it's just like and now I'm like
pushing and pushing out into the
Internet and the universe that I want to
work with Elon Musk which you know I
think he's I think he's already flat out
said no but sometimes you know sometimes
you can't give up so I'm gonna keep
asking until he's like finally it's like
I finally do it with this guy but
anything can happen now
I really believe like there's things
that were complete dream scenarios like
DJ and space I really think that can
possibly happen like there's situations
like that that you think would never
happen and they possibly can happen you
know so I don't think you should limit
yourself in the end you know
like it's not gonna happen right away it
might not happen but you know certainly
won't happen if you don't go for it yeah
