to push you this hard and to put off a
family what is that narrative narrative
that you tell yourself about yourself
about why you're doing what you're doing
well I'm gonna go back to what you're
talking about first is I think the
narrative that this my story is all
about is agility and being able to be
flexible and I mean it's like the
five-year ten-year plan that most CEOs
ask you know like that's the question
was most people want to know about a CEO
or someone who's successful or what is
your five-year tenure plan that's what
you want to ask a young startup right to
invest into their company or something
why my plan has always been kind of
unhinged it's just it's just like I go
where my passion leads me and and I feel
free to do that
you know and how did you create that
space so because in growing up in a
Japanese culture that certainly isn't
encouraged and if your own dad who was a
huge risk taker is telling you no no no
get get a real job how did you break out
of that mold
yeah it's all you got that's that's a
really crazy thing cuz I looked at my
dad as like this flamboyant you know I
mean he was like he he once he stepped
foot in America I became an American you
know he like almost pushed away his
Japanese values and was like I need to
show what I can do I want to show
everyone he was a showman but then when
he was a father he's like don't be me
don't be a showman like did he say why
because he wanted stability for his kids
he wanted to make sure that we weren't
because if you the to be this to be the
showman is such a small percentage of
success everyone want every everyone
wants to be a showman I mean that's for
my father's perspective because I had
this well I mean I'm my father's son so
I'm like yeah I'll be cool to drive real
expensive cars and like do whatever you
know like that's what you see right and
and I'm living in a humble you know
house with my mom you know that's not
that you know so I'm like it's
aspirational so I think for him I think
as a father he's just like don't be me
you need to figure out your life in the
most reasonable pragmatic way which is
what everyone has to do you have to you
to go through these steps and it's
boring but you're just gonna do it like
that's why he didn't support me and like
my endeavors and music because he didn't
see it as like a financial trajectory
for him I remember when I invested my
first restaurant when I finally made a
little bit of money he was like why
you're gonna lose all your money
and I did well the first one I did I
mean I was only 30 grand is like my
first investment so Korean barbecue in
LA great one though it was really good
but you know he was correct have you
ever put yourself into your dad's shoes
and and thought what would I say like
for instance if you have a kid and they
decide they want to get into music what
would your advice be to them I think I I
wouldn't go as deep as my dad but I I
really value his tough love
and I don't think it was disciplined for
him to not give me like financial
support I didn't want to cause it like
like you know like you when you love
someone we want to help him out like we
see him struggling you're like I want to
pick you up like you know but it's
better off you just let them figure out
on your own even they're like crying on
their way up you know that's one thing I
learned from him is that he well he
wasn't around right so he didn't have to
see me like struggling and trying to
like get by and liking it and I wasn't
the kind of kid that to like cry to my
dad be like I'm not fitting in like I
can't make friends like I got made fun
of for this or like just the daily toils
of being a kid and we didn't have that
kind of relationship so heating it to
see that and I did like talk to my mom
about and she's just like you just don't
make any trouble you know and and then
you know I had a figured that out on my
own in the book one of the most
interesting things that you talked about
was family and asking yourself aloud in
the book if you know am I making the
right choice pursuing the career putting
off my family I thought I would have a
family by now my dad had six kids by the
time it was my age you know and and I
always thought that I would have some at
least by now and I haven't and what do
you think about that like where is and
this is a question that I have have
thought about just hundreds of hours
spent thinking about you know what's the
right move for me will I regret it is it
right now but maybe wrong later is it
wrong now and wrong later was it like
forever you know what I mean like really
processing through that how do you think
about it now if you were the startup
what's your five to 10-year family plan
there is no plan there's no like it must
be like this but yeah I I'm definitely
gonna be I'm gonna say definitely yeah
I'm pretty sure it's gonna happen next
five years
also like I my mom too my moms like
every time she sees the baby stuff
she's like looking at me like
another kid with my wall like yeah I
love my mom so much it's like it feel
like you know and of course you can't
have a kid feel like you know it's just
like you said you have to take care of
the situation you can't do it for other
people or anything else you know no
question yeah it's a man family the way
that people play that part of their life
is really really telling in terms of
what their priorities are and what
matters to them and what they get the
biggest chemical rush out of and all
that stuff but I think the the most
interesting thing that you represent is
you've become so extraordinary because
you had these balancing forces of a very
nurturing mother and then the father who
was a sort of rock star type
aspirational figure to use your words
but not necessarily a day-to-day dad and
then so you had to figure things out on
your own which I find really really
interesting talking about figuring
things out and reinventing yourself how
do you approach that musically I've
watched you go from genre to genre to
genre always just far enough ahead to
really nail things what is your
process for keeping your ear to the
ground like how do you do that how do
you stay fresh all the time well that's
day to day you know like that's that's
ultimately the same going back to the
past that's the same Drive that I've had
like since I was starting a label cells
being in a band I mean it's it's digging
for record as a DJ digging for records
for the new you you know back in the day
when you actually would buy physical
wine I like that give me the actual
process are you sitting down in your
studio at home and you go on Spotify and
you start listening to
everything are you going to clubs are
you asking around like how do you it's a
it's a it's a bit of everything
Spotify it's like it's like watching the
stock market when you things go up
you're a bit late already so you like
you know hitting up an artist that's
already blown up it's already blown up
but because I have a platform I can talk
to a bigger artist I like to go as early
as I possibly can if possible just like
with any business you want to you know
like work with the people that that are
the innovators that are like pushing do
people just send you a
 ton of music now is that how you
find you know I it's a lot of it's like
friends networks of like i io trust
friends and advice from friends that's
probably been my my go-to for signing
the right artists on Denmark to like
working and khalaby with different
artists and plus I get to travel the
world that helps me a lot and I'm also
putting myself out there so when I go to
a country you know I'm like putting out
the feelers like can you tell like the
the artists in this country I'm in
Brazil whatever I am I want to hear like
who's shaking up the noise and the thing
is is that sometimes the biggest artists
in that country is like unknown in my
country which happens a lot because
they're singing entirely and Portuguese
or Italian or whatnot and that's what I
did actually just recently I was in I
was in Italy and my day-to-day dougie is
in this room right now he's he's like
he's also one of the guys it's like you
know we should check this out you should
check this out
so Doug he's like hey you know the sfera
basta is this Italian artist you should
check him out so I checked him out I was
like oh this is Delpy singing entirely
and rapping entirely in Italian and and
I went to his Instagram my way to
communicate with artists Instagram and
Twitter and I was gonna DM him he
already DM me so like oh this is match
made in heaven
so like I like SAP Teddy because he's
you know it's in the direction real
quest whatever and I'm like yo I'm gonna
be in a training like tomorrow he's like
oh I'm I'll meet you
boom we were there we hit it off and we
made a song and and then I was like we
have a smash global record with Spanish
Italian and English this is gonna be
like one of those ah so Keith the
moments that song I do with Yankee you
know like I love making global music
that fits you know because essentially
for me I spend sixty percent of my time
outside the country as well so I really
think about the entire world is my
playground and that's what I've been
