you're not using that time to actually
make the small things happen because
everything starts off small there's no
like a to see you have to go to be first
everything starts small I mean that's
what I talk about in the book is that my
like my first shows I was playing from
five people like a quarter of the people
in the room some of them didn't want to
be there honestly but I pretended like
it was like like like his you know like
a big deal you know I didn't really
pretend I was like this is a big deal
you know so it's like I you have to
think about like that when I started
DJing I was playing I remember when like
five people would be like yeah and there
was like everyone else just doesn't give
a I'm like those are my five people
I focus on them and after I talked to
them hang out with him I used to do that
at every show when I was in a band we
would tour across the United States and
we would drive like 10 hour
and we would we show up I remember in
like Albuquerque or something and there
was told people that showed up and after
the show I like hung out with all them
and one of the guys let us stay in their
in their house because we were sleeping
in our van the whole time you know
there's no way we're staying hotel we're
making $20 to $40 a show we had to put
in the gas and share whatever we could
for food but man I was excited after the
whole tour I was like when are we gonna
go back again and it's like you know you
have to start in that line sets like you
can't that's the problem with social
media right now is that you're comparing
yourself to people that have like this
large success and you're like I want to
play there well you first have to go
with what you have in front of you and
make that meaningful and that's why I
always say like when I'm performing I'm
trying to be as present as I can and I
don't want to think about anyone outside
these four walls I really want to think
about everyone here and whether it's
like a smaller show a bigger show like
these people are here for me and I'm
here for them and that's all that
matters and you do that enough times
it's it's like in the end you it will
grow without you even realizing it and
if it doesn't if you're just happy with
those people then then it's okay you
know like that's all that's like purpose
like at the end of the day you know it's
like it's meaningful to you it doesn't
matter how many more people there yeah
