so one called if you're like that and it
said it says the key to success is doing
what makes you happy yes absolutely i
mean that was in fact that's what my dad
always told me that was one of the
nicest things he ever did for me because
he really you know
an accordion well yeah that kind of
counterbalance it now I forgive him but
no that was really really a great thing
to be able to tell me because I mean you
know it was a little hard to give up the
the notion of being an architect I was
what I was trained for I have my degree
in that and and I just realized that
that wasn't my passion and and to be
able to have the permission to follow my
dream and to give the whole you know
music mystery thing a shot I mean it
just seems so unrealistic but I figured
like you know I love comedy I love music
you know I would really have a lot of
regret in my life if I didn't at least
try and thankfully all worked out I kind
of really don't know what I'd be doing
right now if it hadn't but uh it was
nice that my parents were supportive and
they allowed me to just follow my muse
he'll appeared on The Simpsons twice
