know I get in panic mode at first so I'm
like do something you know and and it's
just
she knows how to calm me down she knows
how to you know get me through anything
but I think you know I always try and
take the lesson from it and you were
saying something the you said something
earlier that the failed marriage taught
you so much and that you wouldn't take
anything for that Maya Angelou has a
phrase wouldn't take nothing from my
journey now actually it's a old
spiritual so do you regret the tape or
in a way are you grateful for that
experience I'm definitely not grateful
for that experience I would say if I had
one regret that would be it mhm
um if I were to do it again like live my
life again mm-hmm obviously I wouldn't
do that again obviously I wouldn't have
gotten married in that you know if I had
known if I had the information and I had
known better I would have done better
hmm
but I didn't another Maya phrase yes so
I have to live with the choices that
I've made and I can't dwell on it I
can't I I did for a while just like I
took those four months dwelling and
devastated over my divorce and just
thinking how did all this happen and
what did I do and this is so
embarrassing and how did I get here
that's not exactly how did I get here on
both situations such different
situations and I was always finding
myself and the how did I get here but
