then decide whether or not it's worth
stopping or continuing so I asked
Michael one of my favorite questions is
entrepreneurship talk or are you born an
entrepreneur hmm is this because
everybody has business ideas right so
it's not it's more than just having the
actual business execution you have to be
able to with limited resources sort of
find a way to get the critical work done
and bring the project along you don't
have to bring it all the way home but
you have to be able to you know kind of
solve critical problems and weave it all
together to get an early beta version
lives yeah and so I think that's
probably the the critical skill is can
you can you argue a really good problem
solver whereas some people you know
you'd ask them to go figure out one of
the early things we had to do in DSC was
figure out how we're gonna ship right
and I don't have a logistics and
shipping background so what did I do I
said okay well that's a problem that can
be solved I'll just start at the post
office right and I'll start by googling
how do I ship my products and sure
enough there were a list of services
there that we're offering and you know
you test each one and you negotiate the
best rates and you go on and on but you
know you say to yourself how am I going
to weave all this together and solve the
critical problems and to me that's what
an entrepreneur does really well I think
you have to have certain traits to be
able to certain character traits
endemically that can't be taught to to
be able to be a successful entrepreneur
I think one of them one of those traits
is you have to be
relentless in in your commitment to
solving the problem almost to an
addictive level it's like nothing's
gonna stand in your way because you're
addicted to this notion of solving the
problem and bringing the thing to life
and then I think another one is seeing
you have to see how you can uniquely
weave together a plus B to equal D right
yeah and and that's something that not
all people have coming up I continue my
