Michael simply brushed it off and that
really interests me so you started this
kind of tourism social network right
before Dollar Shave Club and I presume
really people said it's not gonna
succeed or it's gonna fail and I guess
they were right mm-hmm and but with
Dollar Shave Club people said that it's
not gonna succeed and it's and it's
gonna fail right and they were really
wrong so how do you know when to quit
how do you know when a bad idea is a bad
idea
it's a great question and I get this
question a lot I think it's I guess it
comes down to qualifying why your idea
isn't working is it work is it not
working because there really is no
consumer need for it or is it not
working because it's too hard for the
consumer to really understand what it is
that you're selling which can be the
case with a lot of service style
businesses or or apps even it's like
what's the usefulness for this you know
product so to speak is it not working
because you just kind of haven't gotten
the word out yet and it is a great
product and there is a product market
fit there are a lot of reasons why
something might not be working I think
is not working because you know you
don't have the right talent I think it's
important kind of always to look at why
it's not working and and dissect that
and dissect that as deeply as you
possibly can because the answer of
whether you should keep going or if you
should put it down for a little bit and
weight is always in the kind of why it's
not working there's there's a lot of
ideas that didn't work the first time
around in society and then 15 years
later people try them again and then
they work because the market had time to
catch up and sometimes an idea is just
too early that's that's that can be a
reason why it's not working you're just
too early to market you're ahead of the
market so I think that you have to be
really you know rigorous in your
analysis of why it's not working and
then decide whether or not it's worth
stopping or continuing so I asked
