launch with this video you created it
and how did you it blew up it you've got
a bunch of orders or people a bunch of
sign up after it aired how did you find
this how did that did you was it
self-funded did you raise money from
grace a little bit of life self-funded
it up until probably January of 2012 and
then we closed our first round of seed
funding which is a hundred thousand
dollars from an investor in Santa Monica
and yeah and that was and then but when
that was before the video went that was
all before the video went live and then
it went live do you think your razor
needs a vibrating handle a flashlight a
back scratcher in ten blades your net
sum asked grandfather had one blade and
polio and then it went live well we had
also we'd also then sorry we'd raised a
hundred thousand in January and they
were a psych I think a million dollars
right at the beginning of March and then
after that video launch a few months
later were raised about ten million
dollars yeah so then it launched and
then what happened and then we sold out
of inventory the site crashed it was
sort of a scramble you know I think I I
think I blacked out for six months while
while we just sort of scrambled to keep
everything going and hire a bunch of
people and scale up and and then go out
and raise more venture capital did the
site crash scare you or did it excite
you like that sound that's like the
probably one of the best problems you
can have it is I mean I thought that it
was going to be I thought that it was
going to be stopped paying for shave
tech you don't need and stop forgetting
to buy your blades every month Alejandra
and I are gonna ship them right to you
we're not just selling razors we're also
making new jobs Alejandra what were you
doing last month not working what are
you doing now waking I'm no Vanderbilt
but this train makes hay
I don't think any of us were expecting
the site to crash or for us to get as
much traffic as we did so clearly we
were unprepared for that but yeah I
think that's a scary moment because
you're you know you're in this one
moment you're you have this massive
success this unexpected success and then
you think well I might not be able to
cash in on it however as you know Dollar
