anxiety you had a panic attack you know
what's the problem but I didn't do
anything about it even I didn't do
anything about it was because um it's
not cool to do that hurts well no it was
alright two times I've been to the
hospital in my life thinking I was
having a heart attack right and the
first time I went was like 2007 it was
the day pensee died 50 from UGK rest in
peace PFC and I'm like a hypochondriac
like I'm the type of person that if I
see something happened to somebody I
think it's gonna happen to me so the day
he died and they just found him laid out
in a hotel room and they didn't know
exactly why he died yet in my mind he
had a heart attack so I just was
thinking that all day long I'm gonna
have a heart attack I'm gonna have a
heart attack I'm gonna have a heart
attack
so I checked myself into the emergency
room Wow the doctor checked my heart the
EKG and all of that and he's like yo
you're fine you got an athlete's heart
he was like do you have anxiety it's not
like you had a panic attack and I was
like no and he was like did you have any
caffeine and you drink I said oh I had a
redbull earlier so I blamed it on the
redbull the excuse yeah in two years
later I had just gotten fired from my
fourth radio gig so I'm like 31 32 years
old I'm back living at home with my mom
my daughter's like - my now wife is back
living at home with her parents and I
remember just driving down Interstate in
South Carolina I 26 and just feeling
like
I was having another heart attack and
like I went to the hospital and same
thing you got an athlete's heart yo do
you have anxiety no sound like you had a
panic attack
well no I don't think that's well you
scratched out about anything I'm like
hell yeah once again I could point to
something else got fired I gots my job
think about my kids yes but then you
