mm-hm that's powerful I think more
people need to do that mental health
when did you start to really think that
like okay I need to take control of
mental health and start talking about it
more and start embracing it and not
think of it something I was like weak
but it's something that's powerful for
yourself this year because last year
when I started the journey that became
this book I did not set the current book
on the last but current book I shook on
anxiety playing tricks on me my first
book came out April of 2017 black
privilege it was instant New York Times
bestseller on me looks like seven weeks
thousands of people at your tour stops
yeah and I was crazy and that's what got
me so overwhelmed I remember being here
in our lake and you know feeling like
okay I'm smoking some indica take this
edge off it ended up being sativa and
it's a team who made my anxiety go
through the roof so I'm like laying in
this hotel room literally shaking like
I'm talking about like you literally
should not stop shaking like and I just
was thinking all the worst thoughts in
the world I'm an overdose off marijuana
I just got off on the news I just got on
the New York Times bestsellers list
people gonna be saying this stupid
 just started to achieve a
different level of success and look at
him already overdosed on drugs in LA and
I'm like you're not famous enough to
overdose on drugs in LA you're not gonna
trend on Twitter like dumb on your
mind all going crazy and I would like
fall asleep and feel like these black
shadowy hands was reaching up to grab me
and pull me down and I would jump up in
a cold sweat and my wife was high too
and she was laughing at me but my wife
you're scared yeah my wife was like
you're not about to start running around
naked Oh Martin Lawrence right now
I was like oh no so I got dressed put on
put my Tim's on him laying in the bed
and it's just like I had this massive
anxiety attack and I was like you know
why do I feel this way and that's when I
started to question everything I started
to question all my success I started to
question you know where I was I started
the question am I truly putting the
right energy out there am I really
using my platform the way I need to use
my platform and I remember being on
vacation in June and I was so happy to
take vacation because I just had just
whirlwind book tours it's like literally
what I'm about to do now this whirlwind
book tour and we're going it right into
the holidays and I'm done I'm shutting
down yeah you know I'm going I'm going
Thanksgiving South Carolina and I'm
going to Africa in the beginning of
December and I'm going to Anguilla
tendance um so you know just sitting
around questioning everything and I'm
I'm on vacation in them sitting by the
pool and all my family and friends are
there and I'm getting a haircut and jz4
for four hours playing and I'm sitting
there and I just all of a sudden felt a
calmness mmm I felt a moment of peace I
felt serenity like I haven't felt in a
while no anxiety no worry no stress no
nothing I know everybody's that on an
island life is good my niece is my
sister my life is good and I said to
myself how can I feel like this all the
time yeah and it popped in my head
therapy Wow me flirting with the idea
therapy for so long you've been talking
to all your friends about therapy and
your friends have been telling you the
benefits of therapy and you've been
getting all of these signs that you
should go to therapy and your wife told
you to go to therapy why haven't you
wanted therapy yet that's when I started
the process of finding a therapist and I
