wanted therapy yet that's when I started
the process of finding a therapist and I
found me a therapist and I was writing
down everything that was making me
anxious
everything that historically had given
me anxiety and then when you're talking
to a therapist you know that you start
talking about you
dissociate PTSD and the root of the root
of it all the root of you know old
traumas that happened to you when you
were young like it like all this stuff
is is it's unpacking itself and you know
you I love my father but I hate my
father
Tara's making me hate my father I love
my father looking like all of that is is
happening over and over and over and
over and um I just started like keeping
a journal basically and then next thing
you know I've written all these things
like that worried me from parental
paranoia about my kids to social media
anxiety to fear failure to you know fear
of not you know being connected to my
roots in my hometown anymore like I'm
outgrown my friends you don't got
nothing in common in the tub and all
this stuff that gives me really bad
anxiety and causes me is going these
weird panic attacks like I was keeping a
journal all of that stuff and you know I
started talking to my man Chris Monroe
and then like my business partner and I
was like yeah I think I want to write
about wow my anxiety I just want to
write I want to write about all this
stuff I'm learning in therapy I think
that would be really dope and I remember
Chris just saying like this is a book
about mental health mm-hmm and I'm like
