you know I believe in divine God's
divine timing and this book is awesome
man it's called shook one anxiety
playing tricks on me makes you guys pick
it up right now powerful stuff I mean
you open up in a big way in this you
talk about anxieties and fears and
insecurities and it's all sorts of
things masculinity and what it means to
be a man I mean everywhere you go there
yeah because I feel like it's wait a
minute I'm at 40 this year 40 yeah and I
started going there like therapy last
year because I just was starting to get
overwhelmed and I was starting to
question everything and what were you
questioning just like in general you
know I was doing I was guilty myself a
lot like a lot of why am I here why am I
Who I am why did I why am I so blessed
you know I know I don't have any college
degree don't necessarily have a
particular skillset like my mother was
this teacher growing up they made
$30,000 a year my father did
construction I grew up in a single-wide
trailer in Moncks Corner South Carolina
on a dirt road in the only reason I'm in
the position I am is because I believed
I could be here but then it's got to be
a little bit more than that right and
then
everything feels so surreal and I think
that I'm so used to pressure and I'm so
used to always being under the gun so to
speak that when everything felt calm and
peaceful serene well there was no
pressure and it was no pressure I was
like okay when did this you wonder
what's wrong
yeah and they really would I really was
awesome Chicken Little sky is falling
type and you know I got diagnosed
with anxiety 9 years ago but I never did
anything to deal with it and when I when
I go back and I think about all the
times I've had panic attacks and anxiety
attacks throughout my life it started
when I was probably like 9 or 10 and I
remember him up until that point in 2009
when the doctor finally said you have
anxiety you had a panic attack you know
what's the problem but I didn't do
