Chris just saying like this is a book
about mental health mm-hmm and I'm like
I didn't even know anxiety was
considered a mental health issue I
didn't know PTF knew considered mr.
havisham you think I'm in to help you
think it's gets pretty and bipolar and
stuff like that like I had no idea this
stuff was under the mental health
umbrella and so when I started to take
shape like that I was like you know we
got to reach out to the to the expert
because I'm not an expert in anything
I'm just a man with some experiences and
I was trying to transcribe what my
therapist was telling me but it wasn't
coming out right I felt like what she
was telling me was for me yeah and I was
able everyone yeah and I was able to
explain my feelings better because of
what she was telling me but I couldn't
give any you know diagnosis for anyone
