voices I like it man yeah that's
powerful the second question I have for
you is it's called the three truths ask
this to everyone at the end imagine
you've done all that you've done
everything you want to do everything you
dream of it's happened as I believe it
will feel and you get to choose the day
that's your last day on earth it's many
years is where you want to be he could
be hundreds of years whatever you decide
but you got to pick a day eventually
that this is the last day hypothetical
and you go back to your roots you go
back into the radio station one last
time to share one final message and
these would be your three truths and all
the work you've created and you've got
to take with you when you leave so no
one has access to the content you've
created in the past oh but you get to
flip on the final radio of switch button
whatever it is at the time you got the
mic out in front of you and seven
billion people put on headphones and
they get to hear your final words your
final three lessons you'd share with the
world your three truths what would you
say on the mic my three truths I think
that I would tell everybody I hope I
served you all well
I hope that I impacted you all in a
positive way
for those I impacted in a negative way
don't die
feeling that way about me cuz I'm not
about to die feeling that way about you
