maybe late teens early 20s maybe 20 21
maybe oh is this like you know I I had
all of these different different
experiences man and it's like when I
started to go to jail and see people
around me go to prison and see people
around me actually get killed like that
scared me
those three options scared me gave me
super anxiety super panic attacks I
refused to be the people I had older
cousins and I thought it was so cool but
they were broke sitting under the tree
doing nothing what they like I refused
to be that guy like I would have literal
panic attack literally anxiety thinking
about about to hit yeah so that made me
I'm gonna go get a job I don't care that
I got felonies okay have you ever been
convicted of a felony yes on the
application so what he never stopped me
over the first jobs you got first job I
