moving forward in using a platform your
platform my mission moving forward is
just empower like you know I really feel
like you know your true purpose in life
is service to others I feel like I'm a
public service that's it man you know me
that's like that's not the only reason
I'm here like I'm not here for anything
else I'm not here for money I'm not here
for fame my only be wrong there's things
that I want to do like I can't wait to
host the late-night talk show on network
television one day I feel like I'm going
to definitely be in that space like if
they haven't been a black guy doing that
since Arsenio Hall I feel like I'm gonna
definitely be in that space but right
now I have all the means and the
resources to empower people like I love
it like I love bringing New Voices on
The Breakfast Club that people haven't
heard of our voices that are really dope
and helping them elevate their voice
whether it's music whether it's comedy
whether it's you know civil rights
activism whether it's business like I
just love empowering
people that's what gets me off like I'm
not gonna front like I love you
executive producing these TV shows and
saying you know let's hire her let's
hire him you know I live for that like I
can't even tell you how much of a thrill
I get from doing that so I just feel
like from from here on out my mission is
service to others that's what truly
makes me feel good like I like helping
people I like giving to people you know
that's what makes me feel good
mm-hm that's powerful I think more
people need to do that mental health
