video
they'd have an opportunity man oh my god
what do you want from me what are we
saying what more do you want from me
like but you realize man that is nothing
at the end of the day yeah you do it
it's done and now you make me I gotta go
home yeah and I want to be home and so
like I live vicariously through a lot of
my homeboys now and it's like their life
is too stressful bro like I don't know
you don't need another anxiety attack
you know like um oh yeah boom I wake up
in the middle of the night you listening
the yelling in the hallway
was going on you had one of your boy
voice and you just peek out the door and
you see him in a girl I'm not leaving
I'm not like it's stressful like I like
being 40 and being at home hitting my
wife and my kids I like finding new ways
to love my wife I like finding new ways
