something to ourselves to make ourselves
overweight we're doing something to
ourselves to make self-sabotage happen
and I want to find that out with you now
as we do that I think there's many forms
of self-sabotage the symptom of it that
we can recognize might show up in
relationships I don't screw that one up
again or this relationship sucks it
might show up in our happiness more of
our internal life like oh I'm happy I'm
depressed might show up is we're always
procrastinating we're never starting
something or we start so many things but
we never carry through any of them it
might show up in our health our fitness
man big-time self-sabotage have
happening there can show up in our
career our finances so there's a lot of
places to notice self-sabotage but the
common denominator I think is always you
so I want to pull on the heartstrings I
