common denominator I think is always you
so I want to pull on the heartstrings I
think it'd be more awkward if I'm closer
I would like to pull on the heartstrings
of one of the absolute core values of
this community this making sure I'm in
focus handsome which is self
responsibility I think in order to grow
beyond self-sabotage rather than being
stuck in it we have to be willing to
take on self responsibility
I mean crap this is self-sabotage it's
not someone else
sabotage therefore we can't take someone
else responsibility we can't be in a
victim mindset where we're blaming other
people or other things our circumstances
my circumstances are why things are the
way my history is that's why I'm stuck
that's not self responsibility like
cool we got to go through the victim but
not get stuck and I go through
victimhood to self responsibility so we
