perspective you know well you know you
do just you know not to be too deep on a
you know early morning you see your
money but you see your mortality and
things start to become in sharp focus
and you see that you know my love for my
husband love for my friends connecting
belonging to myself my daughter are just
I see the value in it you know I see as
much of a value in that as I do my work
I I wasn't there when I was younger I
said oh I want it I want it then now I
got it yeah you know I got the you know
I grew up or in the South Bronx
I never thought there there were poor
people in Rhode Island it's just seemed
like such a wonderful place but earlier
this year you posted the only photo you
have of yourself as a child and I and
this is it uh-huh
why is that the only photo you have well
I don't know that's probably a better
question for my mother yeah but um we
moved to Central Falls she when I was a
baby so I'm I don't know a lot of the
pictures were lost in fires when we were
moving but that little girl that's the
picture I have of myself as a little
girl when people keep saying oh yeah
well how do you feel about that when you
look at the picture that's how I see
myself now I feel like that's a little
girl that connects me to people that's a
little girl who was hungry in every way
hungry for food hungry for success
hungry for dreams that's a little girl
who saw the joy
in the little things you know and that's
um and that's a little girl who wanted
to get out she had Drive and sometimes I
