was the most satisfying and such a oh my
god okay um the most overreaching thing
I'm most proud about is I I prove sister
Stella Marie wrong I still hate that
bitch she was a nun from hell and I
later learned out that she was buried in
the nun yard and that she had a drinking
problem I wish someone had told me that
as a kid that she had a drinking problem
who knew that nuns drink other than
Sunday right I didn't know either okay
and of course we were raised by nuns in
our Catholic school and they were all
great except for the one I had sister
Stella Marie so I'm so proud that that
her messaging to me that I'd always be
stupid just because I couldn't read that
I didn't let that determine my life
because I was I I had a hard time
getting over that you know and I had to
help my mother told me I was a genius so
that helps a lot you know having
somebody on the other side but the idea
that I've proven to again and again and
now it's a weird thing I'm kind of very
thankful to her because I think because
of her I tried so hard yeah do you know
so really if she she was kind of like a
early version of Ramone Simone you know
yeah she played that role and I'm so
thankful that I got over that mostly
because not only have I had success as a
result of it but mostly because I keep
that message going after all these dumb
kids at school it's such a sad thing
that kids are defined by how they do in
school and yet most of most successful
people I know build their own stuff
weren't good in school that's been an mo
I see so I'd like to feel like I'm lucky
to be around to keep getting that
message out yeah yeah you said most
