probably some ABC drama about it I could
watch is that what this is us is idk
a big pro tip for building confidence is
to stop comparing yourself to other
people other people are other people the
only person you can really compare
yourself with is yourself are you closer
to who you want to be now than you were
last year are you working on the things
that you want to be working on you
cannot use someone else's scale to weigh
your worth period you ever hear this
when you see somebody that's like
somebody's talking about some insecurity
they have and then some other people are
like well what do they have to be
insecure about look at them bla bla bla
bla bla it doesn't matter how they look
or how they seem on the outside
self-confidence is a consciousness or
self-consciousness somebody could be the
stereotypical standard of beauty fit and
tan and tall or whatever but it doesn't
matter if they don't feel it you can see
how someone feels about themselves so if
you don't feel good about yourself it's
not because of the way you look it's
because of the way you think
scotch sucks getting a little too real
Wow Oh
