void it's a that's horrific it's
traumatic and it's you know that's where
my conquests are my interest in passion
led to anti-aging the future you know
and then building on that for the ones
that I love that are alive now you know
and doing whatever I can to like share
the information so that they live as
long as they possibly can in the
healthiest way possible
you know so like I'm like just gathering
gathering information as I go you know
and it's exciting because of those
things as I get bigger as a personality
you know sometimes I do jump into these
rooms and in one case just recently I as
a doctor that that just that I've worked
with you have your guns done some stem
cell injections with them in Denver
and he came to my house he was with some
other doctors and they're like oh yeah
there's a doctor convention others in
Las Vegas those conventions all the time
there so they all came over and like hey
you know there's some breakthrough
groundbreaking stuff just happened this
year you can now find out on a cellular
level of cancer detection for at least
16 different cancers you know so like
it's like very very preventative you
know more along the line so I was like I
want in so I got the information and I
just like that was a Christmas present
for everyone what kind of stem-cell
