like that what do they think it is maybe
more I think it might be ten percent I
think there's a lot of people that get
through life doing things and getting
away with things and not doing things
that are going to cause them either
danger or social consequences but they
but they manage to get through life with
a song and a dance yeah but they're not
genuine and I think this is a giant
problem with people that want to be in a
position of power in the first place
yes like why would they like why does a
guy like Donald Trump want to be the
fucking president when you have billions
of dollars in the bank like what are you
doing why are you doing that well it's
there's a weird motivation that a lot of
these people have and that motivation is
to be the uber you know to be the king
to be the the top of the heap to be the
queen whatever it is I don't know how
you change that in those people I don't
think making them aware of the
consequences of their decisions is gonna
work there it's just the type of people
who they are in the first place I don't
yeah yeah I think you're not wrong
however I've just seen over the last few
years the level of awareness amongst
people amongst voters has been
increasing as there are more and more
kind of non mainstream media outlets
that are shining light on these kinds of
issues and I'm just a non mainstream
shooting do you think that mainstream
have been holding back I think that
especially I think that you only get a
certain narrative right and it depends
and it changes based on what channel you
flick to or whatever because if you vary
in that narrative then you get less
access yeah I guess you could say that
you get less access to the people that
you want to have on those shows because
that's how you get your ratings in the
first place yeah yeah I mean and that's
that's the
problem with these with a lot of these
news channels is it is driven by ratings
and if you're bringing in differing
viewpoints and differing perspectives I
don't know maybe it affects their
ratings I don't know I don't pay too
much attention to that but I do know
that when you look at you know guys like
jimmy dore for example yes you know
jimmy dore talks about a lot of things
that you'll never hear if you flick on
the TV on the on the cable news channels
and has very interesting conversations
and again bringing facts and different
things to life that people don't
otherwise feel like they have access to
well there's way more of that today than
there ever has been exactly and that's
where i see there's opportunity and
because the more people are learning
like holy crap this is what you're doing
this is the consequences of those
decisions because there's a ton of votes
that happen every single day in congress
that most people don't know about unless
you're really following it closely
yourself just that that and it's of
itself as a job that that you know CNN
MSNBC Fox News they're not covering so
really a lot of kind of these
alternative sites and and voices are
coming through that are helping to
helping to inform and educate people
yeah the the idea of trying to educate
