know that you now have around 18 minutes
to find good cover or say your final
goodbyes well it's so scary because it's
such an erratic and dangerous regime I
mean it's when
you see what that guy has already done
and the people he's executed including
family members yeah I mean he's quite a
maniac and a legitimate dictator in the
old world kind of sense it's very
strange that he still I mean you you
think in the age that we live in they
would be very difficult to control an
entire country the way that they've
controlled North Korea for so long yeah
since the Korean War
but yeah they still can do it that they
are and I think that while it may be
easy to write him off as a maniac there
has also been a very consistent that
there there has been a consistency
throughout the different regimes of the
Kim family as they've developed this
nuclear a nuclear missile capability in
that they are doing it to protect
themselves against regime change war
essentially and they have said it
directly you know our US foreign policy
experts point that out that this is the
reason why they're developing this
capability because they have seen how if
you look at Libya for example when
Gaddafi was looking at you know building
and acquiring nuclear weapons he was
doing so also as you know to protect
himself in his regime and then he made a
deal with the United States saying okay
give up your nuclear weapons program and
we're not gonna you know don't worry
about it we're not going to touch you
and then of course we know what happened
the u.s. led this regime change war
toppled Gadhafi and and North Korea says
okay so that's what you do when you have
you know a leader of a country without
nuclear weapons to protect themselves
well it's also the consequences of that
regime change is a failed state and it's
more terrifying than even when Gadhafi
was in control I mean I'm sure you've
seen the the slave trade videos from
their fights insane it is horrifying it
won't happen to ya right in our lifetime
you know and that this this this failed
state has happened as a direct result of
our policy there are failed continuation
of these
change wars that we carry out in
different parts of the world right it's
almost like we don't learn from our
mistakes and I don't know what the
proper solution is I mean do you keep
someone like Saddam Hussein or someone
like Muammar Qaddafi do you keep them in
power and let them still be horrific
dictators and evil maniacs or do you
step in and cause more damage I mean
it's it's almost a lose-lose situation
it's yeah it's not a good situation but
it's where we as the United States need
to be pragmatic about the situation and
the fact that we live in the world that
exists not some kind of idealistic world
that is a fantasy and then think about
how counterproductive our acting as the
world's police has been has proven to be
in example after example after example
so yes there are bad people in the world
who do horrifying things but is it
really in our place to go in and take
action and say okay we're gonna remove
this person and then we're gonna put
this person in and this is how you're
going to govern this country and and
really acting acting as the world's
police and therefore and then as a
result as we've seen in Iraq and Libya
and now in Syria the people in those
countries are far worse off than they
were before we have and it's
counterproductive for our interests as
well because we have al Qaeda Isis and
these other terrorist groups who have
been strengthened directly as a result
of our policies in these countries when
