okay people underestimate the power of
organization if you were just working by
yourself you're not to be organized you
work however you please but the minute
you start multiplying and building an
organization you've got to be organized
I fortunately had a mother had ten kids
in a two-bedroom flat and she was super
organized so what she did is she had all
the socks in one drawer for my four
brothers she had all navy blue for the
sixth girl she had all white all in the
same size now think about the genius in
that all he had to do getting out to
school more his reach in and grab any -
as long as you knew the color and only
my gay brother got confused
alright but how did I take that to my
office well I was dyslexic and not good
with words so I got good at colors and I
used it my entire life to build my
business so you walk into my office
everything's color coded I do three
types of segments self-improvement real
estate and of course what we're doing
here today business advice that's I only
have three colors so anything I want to
find ideas new things filing stuff I
just know what my colors are okay
likewise with my to-do list everybody in
the world works with a to-do list okay
but here's what I learned years ago
there's so much papers you know
everybody prints everything out I get
confused I only have my to-do list every
day on a break paper I don't care how
big you got a file gets you I can i bind
it and then when I take my chick do list
there's a million things you're not
gonna get done
that's way life but I look through and I
go what am i a x'
that's an a that's an a the rest of our
BCC sees millions of sees you know what
an a is the a is the item that you
usually don't want to do that is gonna
do the most to push your business ahead
now hard hard lifting that's right I
don't want to calm I don't want to ask
for the order I don't want to be
embarrassed get the A's out of the way
and who cares if the C's ever happened
rise and make a difference you know
