hello everybody this is knowledge
Djokovic and we are at the moment in
Paris and I got some questions from a
fellow colleague tennis players and I'm
going to answer in the first and let's
see what they asked me hi Novak
I guess you remember that you gave me a
pair of socks a few years ago question
for you do you remember what it was and
do you want them back a good question
thanks Jill ooh I I remember it was in
Shanghai I think the year was 2010 you
can keep them ok let's see the next
question hi Novak we obviously played
some long matches the last few years we
played five hours in semifinals of
Australian Open five hours in the final
of the US Open but what I want to know
is do you remember what the score was
and how long the first time the match
was when we played against each other
when we were 12 years old I knew I knew
the correct answer is in France we
played tournament
12 and under we were with 11 or 12 years
old and I'm sure that the match went
under an hour and the score was he knows
for him I got almost bagel six two six
zero all right next question
