feet left-handed compliment one of the
things we see and especially your first
joke my first joke
being left-handed yeah what are we
having for dinner leftovers you go to a
party there's nobody there what
everybody go do the first performance
and that joke got applause and I just
froze because I didn't even know what
that was and that was it that was the
you know the Sun just hitting you in the
eye and you go that's it I'm never doing
anything else no other jobs no I'm not
I'm doing this I don't care I don't even
care if I'm successful I'm doing this I
love it so much and you were so good at
it never a moment where you thought it
might not happen lots of moments like
lots of them you must have known
something though because it's saying
it's one of the most amazing things in
the special we see all of the yellow
pads you've saved every successful joke
George what else did I have I don't know
a couple of people Vasquez why did you
say yes David well what else would you
save what else I don't have Jules I
don't have nice clothes but the material
the hardest thing in all of
entertainment is to write stand-up
comedy it is harder than anything else
after years of performing in clubs
Seinfeld finally made it on Johnny
Carson's who designed pajamas why do
they make them look like a tiny suit
here's how different the business was
then imagine NBC we have a kid that's
going on The Tonight Show with Carson
and late-night with Letterman three four
times a year both shows and they never
once went maybe we should talk with this
young man come on no nothing they never
talk and you never pitch to them no they
were doing elf they were doing cheers of
course NBC did finally give Seinfeld a
shot and a series in almost 20 years
after the finale it's still seen all
over the world so what happens when
you're at home it's hard to miss
sometimes if you just flicking around do
you stop there I can't touch it maybe
like two lines and then I
gotta go my daughter to annoy me last
night was playing the theme song of the
show yeah she wanted me to come into her
room to talk to her I said you come into
our room to talk and we were having a
fight about that who would go into whose
room
so to get me she blasted the theme song
of the show and you went to and more
than 40 years after his comedy career
first began he still loves the work and
the rush so tell us how it happens you
have an office so I still do the same as
I sit down you put the patty same thing
same pad same pen bic pen and just will
your barrel bic blue and just wait i
don't just wait cuz i have things I want
to talk about like I want to talk about
when you're texting the three ghostie
dots so it was like why are we so
anxious this I guess before the phone
rang it went
