in areas where there's no crime and by
the way most areas have no crime I had a
woman driving around Baltimore
a young criminologist who was part of
this movement Baltimore the one of the
least one of most dangerous cities in
the West right
in the news right now because Donald
Trump was attacking it we drove through
the worst neighborhoods of Baltimore
particularly West Baltimore which is a
kind of in every five minutes she would
stop the car and she would say look
around do you think there's any crime on
this street and she asked me to predict
and she had the numbers in front of her
and I would always say Oh God looks
terrible I'm sure there's huge amount of
crime she was no no crime on the street
and then we go two blocks over and I
would and she would say on this street
they were 150 police calls last year
right so her point was two blocks away
you don't need to have police stopping
and frisking everyone on this block you
need to have police there all the time
right and that block was one of maybe
ten blocks in the whole city that where
crime was really really entrenched
that's what we're asking of please that
the correct answer to this puzzle is to
be strategic and cautious and highly
targeted in how you use police power
because police power has got has real
consequences right if you if you misuse
it you will do you will destroy the
fabric of society but do you think
