officer what was going on in her head I
mean do you think there are so soon
bigger truths that we can discern from
these sorts of stories yes or are they
just interesting no they're they're the
best kind of story is the story that is
at once highly individualized
introducing Craddock and general and
kind of something from which you could
discern broader so this is a story like
that it's it's specifics it's like weird
and unusual and but it didn't happen a
lot that things like this on the other
hand it is the kinds of mistakes the
police officer was making other kinds of
mistakes that we all make that was my
why I was so drawn to this story and you
know the bulk of the book is each
chapters devoted to a different kind of
under Smith understanding and I you know
I have a chapter on men the Amanda Knox
case on Bernie Madoff the famous Wall
Street Ponzi schemer the you know
numerous famous spy case of sexual
assault cases famous notorious one at
Stanford University and might the
argument is in all of these seemingly
disparate stories there are these
similar threads of reasons why sister
systemic reasons why we find it so hard
to make sense of someone who is
unfamiliar to us I mean in that case
