that kind of power and I think it has
had enormous benefits she believed in in
policy when it comes to journalism no
well it's too strong a word I believe in
the difference I think that that
everyone has a point of view that it is
impossible to erase so when I think
about what impartiality means I simply
mean that are you fair in the way that
you you consider evidence do you are you
willing to step outside of your own
particular world and engage with other
worlds are you willing to give those who
you disagree with at least a hearing do
you when I was in the world of
newspapers it was you're running a story
even if it's clear the other side is you
know off their rocker you got to call
them because it's a chance actually
they're not off your rocker their rocker
or even if they are you have to you have
to have the person off their rocker in
the story you can't just go ahead Matt
that's what I when I talk about
impartiality that's what I would mean
that you're that you you take care to
make sure that what you do observe
certain standards of fairness but I
don't think you can ever pretend that
you are without opinion or without point
of view because in a world in which the
