what drives you as a journalist or as a
writer drives well I like it
why are you still doing its moments
because you don't need to do well would
I do otherwise I hope I would be bored I
would be bored I mean I like discovering
things and what happens is I keep going
back and discovering that what I thought
five years ago isn't right right it's
incomplete that we've learned way more
that now we're smarter and so that
constant that that idea that you that
part of what it means to be human in the
world and a thinking person is to
constantly be correcting your beliefs is
to me fascinating and addictive I mean
it's like oh you mean we've learned way
more now I have to go back and redo it
set but to me that's like I love that
that idea that it makes it makes
thinking an adventure right if we
everything was settled then what would
be the point but the idea that I have a
job that requires me to go back and
essentially keep readjusting the way I
see things is to me it's catnip because
do you think books should come with a
disclaimer you know everything in this
book is probably gonna be a little bit
wrong and I'm gonna think something
different in five years so don't just
nagaru you know this conversation should
come with a disclaimer I mean I think if
we had that spirit if all of us shared
in that spirit we would have a lot less
division in the world it should be okay
like I'm gonna use because I'm in
England and because all you V English do
is talk about brexit I'm a geezer
practicing
example you know what if if Boris
Johnson would stand up week from now and
say you know I had a long conversation
with someone who studied closely the
economic consequences of brexit and I
realize probably not a good idea to do
it by October 31st see if we do it at
all one response would be like you AMPA
grab another response would be you know
what everyone should be able to do that
if you someone convinces you that you're
wrong you ought to be able to stand up
and say you know what you can miss
invincibie I'm wrong I'm changing course
and it should we should be fine with
that but we seem less able to do that
