an occasion for applause good for you we
should say although we actually have
leaders now who completely contradict
what they've what they've said in the
past they I mean you know call it a lie
call it a change of my heart whatever it
is I mean what they say one minute often
there's very little to it you keep your
hand you're not yourself you have to say
I used to believe X I no longer believe
it and then it give you a reasons I
think it's really crucial to kind of
walk through how you came to change your
mind that's the that's the instructive
part what you can't do is say if I were
to say to you know I but I wrote about
crying 20 years ago I am changing this
things I see everything I said back then
you I wouldn't boomer I could get all
upset about you and just deny it and
some portion of people would believe by
denials but that's dishonest I think we
have to be honest honest about how our
views of the world evolve and I suppose
