to strangers differently yes I it has
made me ever since I wrote the book
blink I have become more and more and
more and more convinced of how I'm
dangerous interactions can be or at
least how problematic they are they are
and so I always give the example of you
know I hire differently now I try to
limit my face-to-face interactions with
the people I'm interviewing for jobs
I've heard you talk about this now I
find it intriguing because I get that
you you think it's probably better to
hire the best person for the job
objectively on paper and according to
their skills but a lot of the success of
working with somebody is the
interpersonal relationship yeah which is
to do with you meeting them and getting
on with them I'm liking them well I will
say so several things about that yes and
no use my assistants don't suppose this
is specific to what my assistants do
they they don't actually do not in the
same I'm not in an office they don't
know they're in a coffee shop somewhere
in Brooklyn I'm emailing so you don't
meet the middle I make them once every
10 days and whether or not I get on with
them is not terribly relevant I mean I
would like to it's more pleasant but in
fact their job does not require them to
be nice to me their job requires them to
do their job so it confuses matters if
you my worry and I think this is true of
all human beings my worry is that if I
meet them to face to face
I will downplay the formal
characteristics that are necessary to be
good at their job and I will
inappropriately over value how well they
get along with me how funny they are how
interesting they are how well they're
dressed how attractive they are I could
go on and on and on do their do they
have a nice smile all these things don't
matter they don't matter they matter if
you're selling perfume on the ground
floor of Harrods they do not matter if
you are mouthing about was assistant
