is they have a lot to tell us that's
what do you come to a conclusion as to
how the CIA could avoid being duped in
the future dad Mike inclusions they
probably can't and they know this you
know if you tell if you speak candidly
with people in the spying business they
will tell you there is no way to prevent
deception and now I more so than ever
I mean think of the two biggest spies at
the last ten years they are in the
United States they are Chelsea Manning
and Ed Snowden who were they they were
both extraordinary low level people
weren't on anyone's radar screen who had
I mean Snowden wasn't even an employee
of the US government he was a contractor
to an outside agency Chelsea Manning was
someone who they tried to kick out of
the army repeatedly I mean she was at
there and yet these two people managed
to literally have done more to damage
u.s. intelligence interest than almost
anyone else in the post-war era it's
impossible it's impossible to police
these things what do you do about that I
don't know one argument is this
pointless to have spy agencies you
really can't tell who's if you can't
tell who's lying or telling the truth
then you should probably just walk away
from the game of it's fine so so if
