famously linked to as well in that's not
you know in in the past you've examined
broken windows policing yeah which was I
suppose made famous in New York um to
Bill Bratton which was this sort of
method of policing everything you know
of police had a broken window literally
that obviously has sort of that there's
been a sort of an arc of that story
hasn't there of people believing and it
was it was it was real and that was a
successful method of policing to it now
being discredited well where where are
you on this yeah maybe too strong a word
I think now we understand what is useful
and what is not useful about that kind
of policing so there is an accurate
statement which is at the heart of
broken windows policing was the idea
that there is a symbolic component to
crime that when there is litter on the
ground and graffiti on the walls and
people engaging in very sort of obvious
infractions of decorum it sends a
message that no one's in charge and
larger crimes are more likely that idea
is not wrong that ideas actually has
been confirmed in a number of places
it's why it's why we pick up the litter
on the subway or on the streets not do
you build that for just for aesthetic
reasons we do that because we understand
that it's important to signal that a
urban area is under control and Israel
and the people care about their
environment the downside of broken
windows was that broken windows
encouraged police officers to engage in
interactions with innocent civilians
without heed to the consequences of
harassment that when I when a young
black man can't walk down the street
without having
the police suspecting over and over
again that he's up to no good what
happens then is the the the faith the
belief of that young man in the
legitimacy of the system is profoundly
eroded and that is very serious right
and it's that piece of it that I don't
think we understood in the 90s that you
could okay you can do this you can send
your cops out to enforce you know order
on a kind of very very specific but you
will pay a price and the price is not
trivial because in Britain were coming
