market got more sophisticated it was
less easy to do that and the problem is
is that market research can tell you
tell you what your customers think of
something you show them or it can tell
you what your customers want as an
incremental improvement on what you have
but very rarely can your customers
predict something that they don't even
quite know they want yet as an example
no market research could have led to the
development of the Macintosh or the
personal computer in the first place so
there are these sort of non incremental
jumps that need to take place where it's
very difficult for market research to
really contribute much in the early
phases of the thinking about how to you
know what those should be however once
you have made that jump possibly before
the products on the market or even after
is a great time to go check your
instincts with the marketplace and
verify that you're on the right track
and usually when you show people
something they'll say oh my god this is
fantastic or you know give you some
feedback along those lines
