you have problems with anxiety oh yeah I
also have suffered from that but I'm
curious have you found something that's
helped you how long have you been
suffering from anxiety longer in
hindsight than I thought when I was in
high school sophomore year I was in the
hospital with stomach problems thinking
I just like I did like you know drank
Barry I'm thinking I'm having all this
like the poles in my intestines and I
was just like nervous shitting my pants
it's funny I find it interesting that
you weren't aware mmm that it was
anxiety you were feeling well it was so
constant that we I didn't think it could
have been it was every day um
which actually probably should have
pointed to anxiety but but um and then
it really when I was 23 I had my first
panic attack on stage and then that was
like oh she how did you how did the show
continue it continued I've had like you
know you push through it yeah I've had
about 10 onstage and shit what happens
in that moment you become like very
self-aware tunnel vision like tunnel
vision and then like you know numb body
and then if just a total like
out-of-body feeling and what's so weird
what's so weird about it is that it's
with it's it's happening within the
structure of a show that is written out
but to the word you mean sort of like I
can't even like go I'm feeling like I
have to I have to like stay so it ends
up like I'm in Groundhog's Day and I
like or like I have a script they have
to keep - so I have this inner monologue
freaking out and then I'm having to
perform by you know drown that you're
able to still like perform the script
while having a somewhat out of body
experience yeah I was but it was like it
was like I'd be a little out of breath
so I'd be the the entire show for 20
minutes would be existing like unlike
the inhale kind of um it was definitely
was my best work you know do you
