definitely one of the hardest yeah
stretches of my life and and like how
did you kind of get through it I mean
did you find at the time was it like for
me it was almost unbearable like I
couldn't even live I was I'm completely
debilitated for like six months I would
say try meditation you know I would
meditate unfortunate the problem is
there's just a show every night and
there was like very like surreal comical
things where I'd be like googling how to
deal with stage fright
you know before a show in front of 3,000
people and the answers would be like
don't worry like if you're if you're
doing this in front of your class or at
Town Hall like people don't really write
about what you're saying I'm like well
no no there's a 3,000 people that have
paid $40 and have waited you know I like
it is they do care yeah it like really
helped me to find out that like Barbra
Streisand prays mm-hmm Adele like I get
actually really helped well it's such a
weird thing like how you almost have to
be more of a fucking psycho to not
experience anxiety exactly like it's
like being the president like I don't
know how you
well I've long held that you have to be
an actual sociopath that even want to be
President yeah so those guys don't feel
yeah yeah I just feel cold-blooded yeah
we got a good one right now but yeah
they're usually pretty bad yeah he
I get the feeling he's not having much
self-awareness self-aware moments right
now yeah yeah no um yeah my Mac I know
my body's on fire
yeah meditation what did you do dude
