or something yeah but really feel like
doing it but yeah man it's like the sort
of my thing was like you know I'm being
like truly honest with myself it's like
the two sides of the same coin that like
I by speaking it out loud and seeing
that other people were going through it
and that it wasn't unique to my
experience of being because I just
thought like oh it's this is happening
to me because I'm living an insane life
in a very specific circumstance you know
when I spoke it I realized like it's the
two thing it was the thing I was most
terrified of and the thing that actually
saved me which is like I'm not unique
and I'm not alone you know I think I was
maybe deep down wanting it to be
singular because you know I've just you
know I want to have a very singular
experience and you know when I'm going
through you can understand I think that
that sort of mindset is common to
anxious people an idea of it is so visse
sort of describe it like having anxiety
feels like like I'm riding a bull like
my bull is inert my nervous system and I
just have to hold on to it and then like
being in the world feels like everyone
else is an equestrian you know I mean
just like perfectly in sync with their
own system and it just it just isn't
true
oh so many silent battles of it and
absolutely for someone and it's so weird
like what I I hadn't I thought I saw a
little bit of my special that I hadn't
seen you know in make happy the last one
in two years and I saw it and I couldn't
I would not believe that person was
nervous yeah I mean I won't believe I
would think like oh he's talking about
anxiety to just you know if he thinks
it's like in and and and but like he's
not nervous and and I was I frankly
didn't know that it was such a battle
for you after the first show I sobbed
sobbed backstage because because like I
mean I I slept two hours the night
before I was
King like um yeah uh yeah it was it was
rough it was um
it's incredible they even through that
you can still do shit cuz like thinking
back on myself I wasn't famous at the
time when I was having my worst anxiety
I'm a I still suffer from it a lot but
like back in the day I was so like even
just talking to someone was almost like
a a back like a real battle for me yeah
going on a date was like the fuckin like
very much like with the movie yeah it's
Krabs is like these mundane ordinary
things can sometimes be the bravest
thing you can do exactly and that's what
the movie was trying to do is like
portray it very much they were lost for
30 I appreciate it it's like
thirteen-year-old life for a 13 year old
or someone with social anxiety every
tiny moments feel like life and death
and it is it's so important to overcome
it and just say you know what I still
have to do this and I feel like that is
really what makes you overcome it yes
and and like I just think movies tend to
over estimate a ssin then that needs to
justify oh yeah I think people are so
fuckin non-confrontational in real life
so non conversational like have you ever
like just raised your voice of the guy
in like the grocery store line and then
your heart is pounding for 40 minutes
afterwards like yeah like you've seen a
market you're like holy shit here again
I just think life is very the drama of
our lives literally plays out very small
but subjectively and personally it's
very very BIG's the movie was just
trying to be like can we show those tiny
tiny moments in our ego successfully
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
