level even if we aren't aware of it are
just tools to controlling our conscious
mind in our perspective of the world in
a lot of ways and they do so through
fear-mongering through repetition
through beating it into the brains of
the youth that you must follow this you
must believe this or you will be damned
he will be served damnation and that is
something major to fear and it screws
with a lot of people's heads and it
messes people up and it was starting to
mess me up and it scared me and that was
one of the biggest things I watched this
video it was eight minutes long and just
the logic and poise and truth and
genuine nature of George Carlin I love
George Carlin in this video really
opened my eyes to well maybe what I'm
thinking about is wrong maybe what I'm
learning about is wrong and then I
started to Google it started doing my
own research as I got a little older I
started to see you're right there are
thousands thousands literally of
contradictions and even this holy book
even the Bible contradictions are
everywhere well why would the word of
the divine be contradictory I mean in
all their ancient and other ancient
scripts such as the Vedas and such there
aren't really any contradictions it's
just talking about the weight of nature
not the way of an acclaimed deity in a
dualistic perspective is creating
controlling it's much more inclusive of
the whole and so all these things
combined about the Christian faith all
these faults all these controlling
mechanisms all these areas of
fear-mongering and and dumbing us down
and asking us to just believe and not to
ask really just push me away and I don't
remember what the exact edgewood's but I
started to just refuse to go to church
and really to do a lot more research and
I fell into science which eventually led
into atheism which I'm glad I've also
gotten out of if you guys are interested
in me doing a video on my experiences
atheism or being a theistic comment
those below but yeah I just I just got
out of that and I'm glad I did because
it opened my mind up to a way that I
could actually
thinking wow what if there are other
things out there what if there's other
potentials to this reality and I don't
have to feel guilty about thinking about
it or even following or practicing it
losing that fear is the most liberating
feeling ever and Western religions
really instill a lot of fear into us
