practices and not even me so tarik
really a very accessible practices I I
was raised and grew up for the better
part of my youth as a Christian going to
church every single Sunday reading the
Bible things like that you might see
that I don't teach much about Western
religion people asked me to do videos on
Islam do videos on Christianity and
Catholicism and I don't because I don't
agree with most of the aspects of
Abrahamic religion at all and that's why
I don't want to teach about them there
talk about them this is just my channel
and I share what I care about and I
don't have much need I think to speak
about them besides in a sense like this
so if any of you have read my first book
which is called the not so enlightened
youth you can find it up here I speak
about leaving Christianity at a young
age about 13 or 14 maybe a little later
maybe a little early I forget but in
essence I grew up Christian my whole
family pretty much is Christian I'm one
of the only ones if not the only one in
my extended family that means my
grandparents on both sides my parents my
siblings to be a non-christian one that
has left the faith so to speak I'm the
only one and that's that's normal for a
lot of families for a lot of families
they are very religious they are raised
religious it's a cultural phenomenon we
stick with the religion of our elders
they teach it to us we take it as truth
and we follow forward with it and that's
what I did for the first couple years of
my life until you start thinking
critically until by the time I was 13 or
14 and the big problems I had with
Christianity and the reason I left it at
all and started seeking elsewhere I
guess in science to where I went after
Christianity became quite uh atheistic
for a time is that
in Abrahamic faiths in a lot of ways and
I didn't know this on an intellectual
level at the age of thirteen or fourteen
but it's it's very anti question you
might think you can ask questions but in
reality it's very anti questioning the
system questioning the faith Vedanta
Buddhism they want you to question what
they are teaching Siddhartha Gautama
himself said don't believe what I'm
saying just because I'm saying it but
Abrahamic religion is pretty much the
exact opposite it's saying look this
book says something you better believe
it or if you're going to hell a lot of
senses and that's me just never really
made sense I've always been a kind of a
rebel in the mind I got in trouble a lot
at school because I wouldn't shut up I
had questions I would follow rules but I
wanted to understand why things were
happening why I was being told to do
certain things what they wanted from me
and the problem with Christianity in his
face and that I had at a young age is
that I would try to ask my pastor these
questions I would try to understand why
you know why does God create suffering
why are all these things happening right
why do I need to follow these specific
Commandments who becomes this Authority
what are these answers and the major
questions and the major responses I
would get to this would be to just have
faith right don't worry about questions
just have faith in the teachings have
faith in the books have faith in the
Word of God and take this book as the
Word of God don't question that either
and that just never really felt right to
me to just have faith blindly even
Vedanta says faith is important but
faith should be rooted empirical
understanding all right experience
knowledge knowingness of what you
practice it shouldn't just be blind
faith and a lot of Abrahamic religions
are based on blind faith they are based
on the text alone the commandments alone
that since they exist we should follow
them with no other question in mind and
I think because I wasn't ready to
understand the depth of it I kind of saw
and felt like I was trying to be
controlled now if we don't become
conscious of this many of us stay with
these regressive in my opinion religions
and they control us they grip us they
really shelter us from reality and make
us over to overcame with fear they cover
us in fear in a way and I get this a lot
from people on my chain
saying you know I'm scared to even
question this religion because I've been
so indoctrinated with the fact that if I
do question it I'm going to hell and
that's one of the things I just couldn't
I couldn't I couldn't sit with that you
know how can people be in a space of
love and care and commitment when it has
to do with just it right if I if I want
to be something else or searching us or
another place or perhaps another faith
or or ask questions then I'm doing the
wrong thing right why is it wrong for me
to ask these questions it's never wrong
to ask questions and this just didn't
ever sit right with me and at this point
