school yeah how did you study that from
the current perspective you know I just
really defer to the kids I mean like I
think a problem sometimes I mean I did
not want to make a nostalgic movie I did
not want to make a movie that was
my own experience or my own or my own
past experience I didn't want it to be a
memory because I was you know my
disconnect from the world and from the
main character is twofold you know I was
never a 13 year old girl I was also
number 13 now you know in both of those
things I think lend themselves to a very
specific experience that I couldn't know
so really was just like let the kids
author themselves and just the good
thing about the generation you want to
learn anything about them they are
posting everything about themselves
online so like the research is there you
just have to you have to clear your
google history when you're researching
when you're researching middle school
pool party you might want to hear the
search history so you watch a lot of
