a way that feels like you are walking in
to a sense of self
I guess building off of you know you you
have things you did in 2006 when you
were 16 right that are still out there
in the world how does that feel to be in
your research a teenager now feeling
like everything I put out that isn't on
Instagram stories or snapchat is kind of
my personality profile forever
yeah well I've tried to just very you
know people who don't know I posted a
lot of YouTube videos when I was in you
know 16 17 18 19 funny songs which like
funny edgy songs which like the edgy you
know comedy of a 16 year old in 2006
does not really square with the you
cultural moment of 2018 pretty clearly
there really aren't or square with me
personally now so I've tried to you know
be pretty transparent about that and say
like I'm sort of living out loud like a
lot of us are and I'm growing and I'm
changing and yeah for my issue is more I
don't know I try not to think about this
sort of like me I think everyone has
this pressure to sort of like think of
their own brand and their own narrative
and where they're going and what they
represent and and all focusing on that
too much for me has just led to anxiety
and sort of oblivion and it's much
better for me to just sort of take
moments as they come try to be forgiving
of myself
we're going to get to a moment where
every presidential candidate has the
embarrassing stuff they did when they
were 14 and 15
all over the internet and we're gonna
have to do some sort of like amnesty
program or everyone's good or something
III don't know
so that that's the balance it's like we
should absolutely be holding people
accountable but can we also allow young
people to and everyone to you know live
and fail and learn I don't know what the
balance is there's something there's
