of course to be regulated they should be
it should be there is no proof that we
should be actual izing this stuff you go
to takes 30 minutes takes you know 30
minutes to get to work on a horse and
carriage then we make a car it takes 15
minutes great make a faster car great
cleaner energy make it quicker why
should we apply that to our social lives
why should we apply that to our
conversation is there any proof that
streamlining this stuff makes it better
you can talk to a hundred people now you
can talk to a thousand you can have a
conversation
there's no we're applying a like
capitalist whatever like streamlining
logic to literally our emotions and our
souls and that just happened that's it
that's a shift from like the internet
was the super the internet superhighway
where it's like libraries are everywhere
and now it's literally our well-being
being churned out and our attention is
being colonized until there will be none
left crazy crazy crazy very busy let's
do one more question yeah impossible
