of ways it's about anxiety which i think
is what you set out to write about can
you tell us how you connected the story
of anxiety to the story of being in
eighth grade yeah really I just tried to
set up to talk about how it was feeling
at the time that I was wanting to write
this which I was feeling nervous I was
feeling strange I was feeling uncertain
of myself in the world I didn't know how
to process it I didn't know how to
process myself I was sweating a lot
eighth grade I mean I kind of liked it
really did feel like that it felt like
we were sort of maybe feels like our
culture isn't kind of going through a
bit of an eighth grade moment it seems
like it's functioning at an eighth grade
level maybe right now so if I like maybe
a good way to go after it but but yeah
so I didn't set up to make a story about
a young person I really just set out to
make a story about how I was feeling and
then stumbled on this world but I've
always I had always been interested in
middle school I felt like it was
incredibly underrepresented for a reason
I think we want to remember high school
and we we want to forget middle school
and a lot a lot of what's happening when
