believe that I believe that I do believe
that now and that that that helps that
so so that's back to your question of
like Ang's the problem with anxiety and
I it can bleed into other sort of mental
problems as well is that like it
dispositional E with people it tends to
select people that are very want to be a
little closed off in singular and and
the feeling of anxiety itself I've
described it as like it's like riding a
bull and the bull is your nervous system
and you're just trying to hold on and
being in the world it everyone else is
an equestrian to you and you're the only
one that has to struggle with this thing
and it just isn't true and you and I
think the part some anxious people
myself included don't want to believe is
you don't actually want to believe that
your experience is shared you actually
want to be alone because it means you're
special and you have to let that go
because that is dark dark dark dark you
