still president is proof of that
right so right now we're getting caught
in people just gonna hypocrite hypocrite
hypocrite hypocrite you know me that's
what's happening right now
is that like we forgot where the state
everyone's just calling each other
hypocrites which is correct well like
it's it's oh it's Donald Trump are we
forgetting that like
I'll never get over that I'll never get
over that it's Donald Trump I'm like
even the people like yeah I get it like
yeah and like snowflakes and you don't
like her and Hillary it's Donald Trump
like you're on you're on board with
Donald Trump like I know no I'll take
those arguments okay yeah maybe that
should be less its Donald Donald Trump
it's crazy it's crazy it's crazy it's
crazy it's crazy and I blame comedy for
80% of it I do swear to God I swear to
God he learned everything he needed to
learn at the Comedy Central Roast
learned it's not a joke learned
everything everything it's funny at a
personal level I won comedic Lee the way
we can subvert some of that trolling and
lack of decency right is better
remembering how to be humans when
wearing using the internet and I'm I
guess we probably have time for one last
question after this but could you be a
human on the Internet you're not gonna
out tweet Donald you're not it doesn't
it's his medium what are you talking
about wearing a national conversation my
throne fortune cookies at each other the
antidote for him isn't better tweets its
long-form conversation right I mean it's
his medium what do you you talking
about of course this stuff is reductive
it's literally reductive it's 160
characters but if me of course like
they're there to bullying this it's the
mediums it's the mediums that's the
problem it's probably not the people you
mean that that's the problem it's people
thinking it's people versus people and
it's mediums it's people slight
literally sliding fortune cookies to
each other trying to have an argument
about complex giant things no wonder
it's uncivil and we're gonna turn the
tweets up let's tweet them out of are
you crazy right as if y'all look crazy I
don't know should it be regulated this
should not be streamed on live
