like I think I can finally do this but
yeah good luck with it I want to ask you
about something want to take a pee
actually a bike if you have a line in
there that is if you can live without an
audience you should do it
well you know it's sort of corny I mean
up there and I'm also like being you
know theatrical and fun and you know
performing honesty as much as doing
honesty but that's sort of the
realization I had very late in my
creative life which was like the moment
for me
which meant I just so so violently tried
to not say aha moment cuz I hate when
people what's like you know I was trying
to express what I was going through I
was trying to be honest onstage which
for me being honest on stage couldn't be
like man I my laundry it was like no
honesty for me is like I'm struggling
with being on stage in front of all
these people staring at me it's super
weird and it makes me feel super anxious
so I would talk about it I was like well
this is gonna be awful because no one's
gonna get this unless they're a 24 year
old male comedian with an audience and I
would do the show and 14 old girls would
come up to me and say I feel exactly
like you do and I go what you mean I
really wouldn't understand it and it
ties back to this movie of if there was
a bridge I had to walk to write the
movie it was built by them to me first I
felt understood personally by people
like Kayla before I presume to
understand someone like Kayla and it was
the thing that oh this very specific
circumstance of my life which is the
specific stresses of being a d-list
celebrity has now been democratized and
given to everybody everybody is a brand
everybody is their own publicist
everybody is worrying about their legacy
everyone's being their own biographer
it's horrifying and and but he was the
two sides of a coin that one obliterated
me one was my deepest fear and one
actually saved my life which was I am
not unique and I'm not alone you know I
was worried of course what I'm feeling
is cuz I'm so I'm so deep I'm so smart
I'm in such a specific no really I mean
this is like the actual honest thing
that's embarrassing to admit I'm AM
anxious because I'm just living the
coolest life and I'm just so in my head
and I'm Ernest Ernest Hemingway
or something but no it's not true
I'm kind of my stresses are very very
common and shared by sort of everybody
and it led to this movie which is that
you know what if I'm being honest with
me my experience in total
is e is equal to or less than that of a
regular thirteen-year-old girl and I
believe that I believe that I do believe
that now and that that that helps that
