know each other but lockers yes it's a
lot of the granular like in this every
moment of my life just being a middle
schooler it feels insanely intense
exactly how did you tap into that yeah
well that that's sort of why I think
like kids connect to Harry Potter for
example is not because it's escapism
I think it's realism to them walking
over and talking to your crush feels
like walking over to slay the basilisk
it feels that intense so part of the
movie was like can you somehow get those
feelings out of what is a the normal
circumstances of a kid's life and yeah
like part of that thing's the struggle
of the of the character in the movie and
the movie is feeling like I am failing
to deliver in the way that cultural
standards sort of sets for me which that
cultural standard the most part is set
by movies like you said 30 year old
Pilates instructors going like I'm a
freshman you're not like you're you're
here 27 that's that's important not just
like visually it's important like the
way an actor we didn't want it to feel
like someone looking back on their
experience and you can feel
that when it's an older actor then I'm
gonna be a kid now so I'm gonna play a
kid you know as opposed to be that I
don't know what that person like 1919-20
is like Pele pinwheel hat like we wanted
