don't know what that person like 1919-20
is like Pele pinwheel hat like we wanted
to feel not like not like a kid or
anyone looking back on their experience
but someone looking out from within
their experience and you know Elsie
graduated eighth grade a week later we
started filming a week after we stopped
filming she went to her freshman year of
high school which is like she's in it
and she didn't get into her school play
that's the story of which is true I know
I heard her say an interview - that she
writes true yeah night and I said Mr
Dona from Thousand Oaks High School is a
piece of that's his real name
that's his that's a real man's name
so into harass him on the internet
though okay he doesn't know about this
movie at all he's downstairs in the
elliptical right now a lot of how else
