see every situation as surreal and
visceral as it presents itself it's in
the other side of it is a weird weird
thing which is like for all post John
Hughes generations myself included it's
like a really weird thing of growing up
for me is like by the time I got to this
sort of like big moments and in
milestones of my childhood I had seen
them represented so much in movies and
television that whenever I'm in them I'm
like floating above myself judging
myself going like like I had seen a
first kiss on so many times by the time
I got to my first kiss I was like here
it is I've seen in movies a lot of times
and I get to prom going like this is
prom like what's what's the moment gonna
happen when the thing happen you know
how prom you know prom gets disrupted by
that big climactic thing that always
happens it's not the dance number is it
yeah first like big kid like you know
grunt grabbing a banner and saying he
loves a girl or something whatever like
it's weddings have a similar feeling as
that too which is you get to a wedding
and you're like oh this wedding is
imitating weddings that's seen in movies
this is all weird with it at one point
movies were trying to represent reality
and that reality is representing is
trying to imitate movies representation
of reality I have no idea where I'm
going with this but it's interesting
what you're saying I know people feel
this way I know people feel this way I'm
