confidence cuz that's what you're yeah I
believe okay what I need somebody self
confident I here's what I know about
them they've built a reputation with
themselves so they don't need to build a
reputation with other people okay so if
you're really what do you mean by that
they honor their own word you got it
yeah the key to self confidence is
really simple and it this is absolutely
I've trained hundreds of thousands of
people I've spoken to millions of people
around the world I could tell you this
the self confident people I know whether
they are athletes school teachers
mechanics parents stay-at-home moms you
name it they have a pattern of keeping
promises they make to themselves the
groundwork of beginning to build
self-confidence is to begin to keep the
promises you make to you and that's why
it's important to begin to even make
small promise you're gonna get up at a
certain time in the morning not only do
it but then give yourself credit say I
did what I said I was gonna do if it's
in your diet or your fitness don't just
eat the healthy foods go I'm doing what
I said I was going to do you begin to
build this reputation if you're
constantly being influenced and moved by
what other people think about you it
means there's a deficiency and what you
think about you and so the key is not
some you know and so so tarik like
belief system it's a pattern of keeping
the promises that you make to you that's
the groundwork of self confidence for
sure and it is a pattern when I meet
people that lack confidence I think let
me serve you let's begin to keep the
promises you make to you you're so
worried about there's this addiction to
other people's approval in the world
right it's the greatest the greatest
addiction today it used to be drugs
before that it was alcohol there's all
these addictions sex addictions whatever
the number one addiction in the world
today is the addiction to other people's
approval and that's because we don't
approve of ourselves we or we don't feel
a spirit you know
a god that we believe in that approves
of us and so my confidence comes from
both my faith and him the fact that I
keep promises I make to myself that's
the groundwork of all confidence mhm
