the stimulus for me to because I'm a
naturally I think you probably this way
too I'm a naturally incredibly insecure
person I think everybody has
insecurities I think I was dosed at
birth with more of them than a normal
person I'm introverted I'm shy I all of
those things I think growing up in a
family that had some dysfunction just
added to my insecurities and so usually
when you meet somebody who's incredibly
confident like the people would think
you and I are I always though they
probably came from a further place these
people who really had to work on
themselves I really had to do this stuff
because I was so low on the totem pole
in terms of self-esteem I had to really
figure out how to change this stuff so
and what ends up happening is it's like
any muscle you build I built a pretty
big muscle of self-confidence over time
because I had to train it very badly
yeah yeah over and over Wow
