a huge emotional trigger of everything
being destabilized and I realized just
how spoiled and privileged I'd been all
my life to realize they should be this
upset in this out of ten everyday and
the outrage and the anger I just wanted
to fight people you know and I
was like I gotta go see it for
psychiatrists I mean there is a lot in
there but what I would call white guilt
that you have and what is what good does
that do I mean you're right we're lucky
some people are lucky others aren't
that's not fair life isn't fair but I
think you can also focus on becoming a
better advocate
Ally for people for marginalized
communities and stop looking inside your
own brain and look outside others but I
said but I learned
but there's a lot of you know white so
lame there's a lot of white people
hating on themselves I don't think
that's what the personal it doesn't help
minorities I don't think the oh boy that
makes me feel a lot better she hates
herself I just feel like we're kind of
like self-flagellating ourselves and
it's not helping it's maybe you don't I
don't I disagree I think so flagellation
is good with regard to this I think
we've misbehave for so long that we need
to get our together and I believe
and I mean I really am trying very hard
to not think about my own experience and
to think about other people's
experiences so in that vein I think it's
important to reach out and go what was
your story like what was your life like
it's not like mine I didn't have that
many struggles you know I've never been
hungry I've never been assaulted and I
think something that you learned through
therapy which was so valid for me is I
didn't think I had a right to be in pain
because I wasn't raped I wasn't molested
I didn't have anything that I deemed as
worthy of being damaged I had a brother
who died and I thought I don't get to be
in pain I have this great life I have a
big career I can do whatever I want and
the fact of the matter is but you have
to everybody has pain and you're yeah
but I mean like just because you have
pain does it mean somebody else doesn't
have pain too or that we have to be in a
competition about it no I don't think
it's a pain competition I think it's
important to recognize I think before
you can be of use to other people you do
need to clear out your own injuries or
clean out your ownership okay but when I
