Monique you know I love the name real
black because I think sometimes we don't
value ourselves and our blackness and we
treat one another as if we're
unimportant or not as valuable and I
appreciate when people say you know this
is Monique's resume but having my resume
being a black woman you'll treat it
different than if you were a white woman
and oftentimes we do the treatment to
one another we do it you know as I'm
doing this interview now we were
supposed to do it Thursday yes but you
missed your flight and you couldn't get
here and not consciously but
subconsciously you never said hey guys
I'm sorry
like there's no email that I'm sorry but
because the value we place on us is so
little
it's almost like oh you just know how it
is
you just you just know what it is so
when I do this type of interviews and
I'm x2 questions often times I'll say
let's stop exit the questions as if you
were journalists and let's start talking
like we're human because if we start
dealing with each other in a human sense
then we don't begin to devalue us we
always treat one another as if this
special if it's if it's it's as we look
at one another say while we're doing it
and the reason why I said to you
yesterday I can't wait to talk to you
because I gotta talk to you as my
brother and not as a journalist or a
brother from real black but as my
brother to say the reason why we can be
treated the way that this industry
industry treats us cuz it starts with
our own brothers
oh no dawg it starts right here with us
if I were Melissa McCarthy or Ellen
DeGeneres you would have got us to Vegas
it wouldn't have been oh I miss my
flight
you got your ass to Vegas because that's
the underlining conversation we don't
have we just know it's different rules
you know you gotta treat one one winch
it together the other way well if that's
how you felt
I sincerely apologize you know
circumstances mm-hmm I could not control
see I understand that but what happens
