and that's hard some days some days for
you isn't it yeah it's hard cuz I don't
understand it all you know but you're
reaching it and so if I'm questioning it
shouldn't you have answers for me well I
think I can have answers on the thing to
understand so then that's what I try to
stay in my lane if here's what I can you
know certain things that I believe it
that I'm good at and that I do
understand I don't know that anybody
understands it all but maybe somebody
does when we come back we'll talk about
Joel's new book which is not so much in
the religious theme it's called break
out five keys to go beyond your barriers
and live an extraordinary life we'll be
right back
the back with joel osteen the book is
breakout you've written this your sixth
book yes sir are you writing the same
thing over and over again well I think a
lot of my a lot of my theme comes out
and it's God's good it's half faith it's
move forward so some of it is but you
know I've been doing this for 14 years
and you grow you learn more you mature
and I think I'm better than well I
believe I'm better than I was you know
years ago so I feel like it's my best
book who's it for
it's pretty anybody that wants to just
move forward it's I call it a a faith
building book it's easy to get stuck in
a rut and think well you know this is as
good as it gets so it's just really a
something to give a boost in our faith
and when I say faith you don't have to
be a religious person it's it's
principles in there that'll help you to
think bigger they have the right
perspective things like that so I
someone can use this book without being
a church go without being religious I
think so
many people watch that are like that the
book deals with self-imposed limitations
you put limitations on yourself I think
we all do I mean when my dad died Larry
I thought I could get him a pastor of
the church I've never been to seminary
I've never spoken in public before so I
had to say you know what I don't feel
like I can do it but look but I believe
that I have what it takes and you know
you have to change your thinking or I
wouldn't be here today what do you think
your father would say if he saw you now
and he saw the church and he saw all
that's happening he's looking at this
program yeah well I think my dad would
be very proud I'm sure he'd be smiling
down my dad loved watching you it's one
of his favorite things to do he'd be
proud of very proud of you
huh thank you now with your success in
you've heard this before has come
considerable money how do you relate
that to Lenny Bruce my old friend did
Lenny Bruce told me once any leader any
religious leader who speaks the Word of
God who has more than one suit while
someone has no clothes is a cop-out yeah
you know I just don't see it that way
you know obvious like that I don't see
it that way I just how do you answer it
how do I answer it is that you know what
I believe but first off I'll say this I
believe we are blessed to be a
Lessing to help others and that's what
Victorian I do and that's what we teach
our church but I just don't think that
we're supposed to there's that feeling
that you're supposed to be poor and
humble to show God that you're humble be
to be sort I call it being defeated via
I don't think I think as a
representative Christ I'm supposed to
excel not necessarily be rich but look
good and think right and be a leader in
what I do
and so you know you go back and we you
make arguments both ways but God started
you know the whole covenant with Abraham
and it says he was the richest man in
the East and I think well God why didn't
you choose the poorest man but he didn't
I don't think it's about money has never
been our goal I never I never knew I was
gonna write a book that sold millions
and millions of copies and so I don't
take a salary from the church now but
it's about you know money is simply a
tool to fulfill your destiny but I teach
people you give money away
do you help we give millions of dollars
in victory net now I'd never dreamed
that we'd be able to do to be able to
bless people like this so it's never
been about you know how wealthy can we
become you say that God has already
written all of our days God has a plan
and he knows the plan do I have any
control of the plan well I believe you
do I believe God is all-knowing but I
believe that you know we have to each
day be our best honor God be good to
other people move forward I think that's
how you can I think you can't limit
yourself you cannot reach your full
potential
do you ever doubt your faith never do no
I never do no see some things in the
world I know they say that a free will
but how about things that are not free
will
Katrina's not free will ya oh and kids
born you know we have you know I'm
dealing with kids that are born with
diseases and all that you know free will
no it's not you know I don't doubt it I
go back to this that you know we're not
in the perfect world I believe heaven
will be a perfect world but we're not
we're in a fallen world is what the
scripture teaches and so there are
things that we don't understand and so I
just come back to the fact that you know
I have to tell my congregation all the
time members that have lost a loved one
or a teenage were killed in an accident
I don't understand it but I believe God
can give you the grace and the peace and
the strength to get through it is that
the hardest thing for a preacher to do
when you deal with the death yeah it's
very hard and because you know my
heartbreak I cry more than they do cuz
you know you got you got parents down
there with a little girl that's got
cancer and going through treatment and
you know I have no explanation except
that you know what God can give you
peace and we're gonna pray we're gonna
believe and I don't think anybody has
all the answers what do you think
happens when you die what do you think
happen you don't you can't no no you you
can't no but what I believe again being
a you know a person of faith I believe
that there's there's a heaven and then
there there's there there's a hell as
well there's an afterlife I believe that
you know are the real person inside here
lives on forever I mean the scripture it
really gets confusing I don't understand
it says that God knew us before we were
formed before we were born in our
mother's womb so I don't know that I
understand it all but I do believe you
know that you're a spirit that you're
going to live on and you've had people
on - it's I've talked to as well that
you know had a heart attack and they're
looking at themselves outside their body
so you know that's I'm a believer in
their up that's he's seen by millions
each week what's it like when he is in
preaching Joel talks about life away
from the pulpit next move back with Joel
Osteen the new book is break out on Asha
but what do you make of call let's this
different kind of pastor you know I like
Carl he's a friend of mine I've known
him for years and you know he'll reach
people that I won't reach I mean he's
not he's not in a certain time he's got
a mohawk and tattoos but you know what
I'm for everybody you know
do you ever break away from being Joel
Osteen
what does Joel Osteen do when he's not
doing doing Joel you know I'm still I
don't feel much different than I did 14
years ago I still like to play
basketball and hang out with my family
ride bikes I don't I don't live a very
pressured life and just what's been yeah
I love sports what do you do for fun
well for fun I like to I like hanging
out with my family my son and I we lift
weights and play basketball together Vic
- and how would ya vote you don't
discuss your politics though no I never
did I never do but I always vote
encourage people to voting how do you
handle people you don't like you can't
like everyone no but you know what I'm I
was gonna say an odd times I I don't
know I tend to see the best in people
and there are people I don't care for
but you know what I I feel like my
philosophy is life is too short to live
it negative and depressed or discouraged
or let somebody else take your joy so I
don't I don't really give it much time
what are you those who sook you feel
being soft on theology you've been
accused of getting the gospel wrong
you didn't go to seminary a fellow
pastor Rick Henderson of the South
Mountain Community Church and Draper
Utah isn't one of the critics how do you
respond well again I don't think much
about it I just believe that you know
God it was God's plan for my life for me
to do be doing what I'm doing as far as
soft on theology I feel like I stick
with things that I really know I'm
making the making God good and relevant
and the coming past if you didn't go to
seminary well you can become a pastor I
mean now trained under my father for
many years so you can be ordained from a
church I'm ordained from Lakewood so
there's not you can be like you ever
feel you miss something by not going to
seminary well I feel like I have friends
that go to seminary and I encourage
people that want to get into ministry to
go but I feel like for my for my life it
was the right thing you know it just
sometimes you can I don't come at it
from a theological point of view and I
think that's part of my success and that
I'm not trying to just explain
scriptures or you know sometimes you can
know things that would would taint how
how I would minister and so I like the
fact that I believe it was God's plan
for me to not go to seminary
so you believe there are plans for
people no one plans go astray
well they do yeah a child dies yeah you
know it's hard we don't understand it
all but I do you know I believe the
scripture says what's meant for harm God
can use to your advantage you can come
out of that you can you can you know God
can use what you've been through to help
others you know I was even you know
reading you know mothers with Against
Drunk drivers that was born out of a
lady that lost a lost a loved one and so
you know I'm a big believer in that God
can take what you know what came against
you and use it to your advantage the big
big thing what we teach is you know you
can't get bitter and that's what I see
people doing they get
negative jaw came to church I loved God
I did the right things but I didn't get
the job or I got cancer or my my see my
mother was healed from cancer 30 years
ago and you know some people you know
obviously they die of cancer now I have
to look at people and say well I don't
know but don't get bitter keep moving
forward don't you ask why him and not
him why did your mother live when that
mother didn't you know what I don't I
don't drive me nuts
I know well you know I guess it's
because they're just things you don't
there's things we're not gonna
understand in the scripture David said
you know these matters are too great for
me to understand basically I'm
paraphrasing but you know they're just
there's too many things we don't
understand and if you get bogged down in
that you you won't have faith you ever
