anti Oprah what did you think that meant
well hmm I don't um you know people it's
funny when people say like Kratz because
I know I am but it's for me I feel like
I'm like I feel like deep down I'm a
very good person I know I'm a good I
always do the right thing regardless of
whether anyone's looking as far as the
anti Oprah thing um I anti Oprah I guess
I'm just not you know politically
correct mhm
but I don't think you're super put I
mean I think you're pretty you know I
say what I feel
oh yeah I don't figure I wouldn't call
you PC I would just say I'm I think
everybody loves Oprah not everybody
loves me why not everybody loves me
either well most people do I mean I'm
more divisive just by the nature of who
I am people are you know it takes a long
time to warm up to me and people and I
you know I know people have I've under
no false pretenses that some people love
me and some people hate me
New York Times described you as a cruel
queen bee mmm and the Washington Post
said you have an amusing leak rule talk
show that word pops up to describe you a
couple of times so are you a cruel
person no I would think I would say that
not to wax poetic about myself but I
would say that you know the thing when
people say cruel you know I've
definitely made it and made an effort
not to be as as mean to some people that
I know are kind of helpless you know
like I don't need to be talking about
mean to be I don't need to be mean when
I'm talking about someone like Britney
Spears or I don't need to be it's
obviously like there's other issues
there that that you know that's not you
don't you want to attack somebody people
who behave badly I will make fun of but
I've definitely stopped being as mean as
I was because I didn't realize how it
came across because I don't feel like
I'm a mean person I would never do
anything to hurt anybody did your
