had so many amazing moments it's
incredible what you've done in late
night what do you do when you don't feel
it and I'm not saying that to make
myself feel it yeah the audience makes
you feel it yeah I mean hopefully if the
audience is there and present and
excited they're always excited to be
there but if they share their energy
with you then the audience is like a
magic carpet ride I'll go I can't be
sick onstage like I'm never sick onstage
yeah I can be in a terror terrible
physical shape and it were like
literally physically ill or at the end
of a long run of the show and I go out
and if the audience is there I feel
perfectly fine yeah
you know I feel cured in that moment
yeah I I was I was actually when I was
yet when I was younger and had you know
a bit of a dirty squirrel cage up in my
brain a lot of anxiety a lot of like
sort of core crippling anxiety when I
was younger and like where I would be
backstage just curled in a ball waiting
for this moment to be over I was so
anxious yeah and I would hear my cue or
I go onstage and I feel perfectly fine
with every stage Oh Dean would all go
away
I guess because it's I think I
I think as much as I want to do the show
for the audience I actually want their
company I mean in ways what we do is a
host of the show is that we're giving
the audience our company like you're
established from the community right and
and that's why it's sort of like the
host of the show establishes what the
community is that night that's what the
party you're throwing is yeah and I need
the audience so much I want I want that
was what we want to be not alone that's
what we want to not be alone right and
so I love the company of the audience
and I try to show it to them and respect
that from them and I always feel better
once I keep that in mind that I'm out
there we're out there to keep each other
company tonight and and staying present
to feel it because they're giving it to
you right it would be reactive to it -
no - no exactly I do have a few things
I'm not going to tell you what they are
in case you ever come to the show but I
do a few things every night always in
the same order to know what the audience
is like
whether they're looking at me whether
they're one person talking to me they're
right I'm so with you as a stand-up and
as somebody that does TV things
occasionally there's a test my last HBO
special this isn't about me there's a
moment where you just hi welcome to an
evening about crashing being cancelled
I'm just kidding there's a test where
you go out and you're trying to prove
I'm here are you here is that right yes
this is acting right because you're
trying to the better performers that I
know aren't doing comedy at the audience
they're trying to make a show happen
with the audience but that's that's a
feeling that you have yeah you want to
know how closely are these the audience
listening to what you're saying and how
much energy you have to give to them so
that connection is made right and like
two or three things that I do rep for
the show that maybe nobody would notice
but me but I I know from the audience's
reaction whether they're actually
present yeah and then then and then I
know how much I can play and how much
right because because if the audience
isn't there then you in some ways you
actually have to careful not to get too
tight because you want to muscle them
you want to make them be there ya can't
make them be right it always has to be
this invitation for me at least my style
no it's an openness
yeah and it's an invitation
when I did a talk show briefly after
Conan and he said think of what the
writers do as they're building you a
playground and then you go out and play
on it and the Knights that would be
terrible or when you think it's about
the words and that's what you do so well
I always see you in the interviews and
the monologue in the desk bits you are
staying in it and living in it whether
it's good or bad it doesn't matter it's
about a shared sense of beingness with
the audience at its best at its best
yeah but all it doesn't always happen
