out about he opened up then so you'd
probably yeah he's a decent human being
and every human being is gonna hurt you
principally inadvertently so you go back
to them and and find out what's behind
it and make them aware because they're
gonna want to know yeah every human
being is gonna hurt you everybody
one way or another is going to do
something accidentally on purpose it's
gonna hurt you feeling we're gonna we're
gonna Turpin it as negative the vast
majority of the time
yeah when in fact it was probably a
complete accident there's a really good
chance to get no idea they hurt your
feelings you need to know which one it
was did they do it on purpose do they
know they did it the numbers are that
they did it by accident and other
numbers are there's a really good chance
he didn't know they did it right you
know I went I went to uh you know a lamp
flame work for him a couple years ago
yeah talk about making amends with
people and talking to people of hurt you
and so one of young ladies got a whole
program yeah one of the young ladies in
it was like you know when I was seven
this a girl who's my cousin you know
they bullied me you know he said
something to hurt me I you know it's
thirty years I haven't like oh wow so we
talked about it they talked about it and
she said she went she decided go to the
person and just cuz to forget to forgive
is it leg up you know not forgiving is
like taking poise and hoping the other
person dies right I heard that yeah so
she goes to this girl and she says I
want you to know I forget the girl
didn't even remember she got no memory
she was just being a stupid kid at the I
should you know those they put it seven
right yeah they're joking around and
they're in so long to her for that long
thirty years the other person doesn't
even know so a by nature would joking
around with somebody and we accidentally
say something that wounded him mm-hmm
but they don't feel they can talk to us
they're gonna carry it for thirty years
yeah if I heard it if I heard somebody I
want to know yeah you know I read
somewhere I'm gonna be like I'm an idiot
you know yeah I had no idea I did that
to you yeah I know I did was there
