people
as well thanks man appreciate I don't
know if I asked me this question last
time so I'll ask you again and see if it
changed imagine if your last day on
earth many years from now Wow your is
always you want to be 100 200 however
old you can be and eventually you got to
turn the lights off it's your last day
and you can pick the day but for
whatever reason all the content you've
created over the next year's you've got
to take that information with you so no
one has access to your books your
workshops and master classes it's gone
with you to the next place but you get
to leave behind a message to the world
the three things you know to be true
about everything that you've gone
through yeah that you would share with
the world three lessons or what I like
to call it a three truths
what would you say the three things you
can share with us yeah be curious be
nicer be grateful simple powerful yeah
any one of those will put you in a
mindset where you're gonna achieve a lot
more than you would ever imagine I mean
that that'll that'll that'll put you on
a path and if you're grateful you
recover if you're nicer yeah yeah
your wound last I mean if you're curious
you learn more so recover nice to learn
it is yeah
one less wow I don't take you a long way
that's great and what's your definition
