out about the book we didn't know before
the procurement negotiator in business
the procurement negotiator is feared
people are scared of procurement
procurement tend to be very threatened
very attacking very very very pushy
now flipside is it's unfortunately
that's not fair because procurements
wanted toughest jobs out there like
whoever thought the idea of having a
negotiated it's like you know it's a
great theory and practicality they got
one of the toughest jobs on a planet so
they're constantly being backed into a
corner by their employer they're backed
into a corner they're probably gonna
make threats you're on the other side of
that threat making you're bent out of
shape you're gonna want to threaten back
you're gonna not want to deal with them
right
that's fear-based stuff instead of going
like how dare you threaten me because a
lot of procurement people make threats
you should go like wow what kind of
pressure you under somebody makes
threats against you in a negotiation
chances are they're not a jerk chances
are they're under tremendous pressure
hmm you know if you don't make this deal
