it's gonna cheap ah so you people make
it pay in a little waist but but then
the other thing I like about it cuz you
know got my u2 shirt on yeah so I'm a
big fan of Bono as a person in addition
to a lyricist a singer and rock star mmm
the forgiveness of the African that him
and Bob Geldof have negotiated the
forgiveness straight forgiveness
literally hundreds of millions of
dollars of third-world debt and reading
ba knows what a woman u2's books and he
says you know I've taken a lot of heat
because there are pictures of me
laughing with Vladimir Putin how dare
you laugh with the devil that sort of
thing out there you but he said I found
out earlier on cuz Russia's got
third-world debt they need them to say
never mind
yeah he said I found out earlier on no
matter how despicable the person was on
the other side if I could find a way to
share a laugh with them early the
chances that we're gonna make a deal a
very high so he's laughing with
dictators and brutal heads of
dictatorships not because he's looking
to have a good time for him but because
he knows how much good he's doing in the
world by breaking the ice in that
fashion Wow
this is what you're doing the slowest of
them always yeah it's funny because I
