own and then you won't move but if okay
if mg is greater than MA you will go
down and if M is greater than mg you
will go up that's how it works there's
just no way around that there is
definitely no way around it there's no
way to create some sort of a magnetic
something or another that allows you to
technically yes you you could have a
strong enough magnet but that magnet
would be so strong that you would create
a lot of trouble you just suck cars up
into your car just pick up I mean you'd
have to rappel off of either material on
the ground or in a really nutty
situation off of Earth's gravitational
field and somehow make that incredibly
light but that magnet would cause so
much destruction you'd be better off
with a helicopter so if there was some
sort of magnet road
like you have two magnets and they repel
each other
if you had some sort of a magnet road
that was below you and you could travel
on that magnet road that would work
hahaha yes
yes you could have a magnet road a
magnet road is that too ridiculous no
it's what work so you could do that
particular - right I would not recommend
it a lot of things I don't recommend or
not recommend that not good not wise I
think no no that no definitely not
I think I was good I would cause a lot
of trouble so you put some time and
consideration into this other than you
know instead of like my foolishly
rendered thoughts so you think that
tunnels are the way to do it
Oh it'll work for sure that'll work yes
and you are these these tunnels that
