there's no weird shit that I can think
up that has not been done so what where
where did that philosophy of what you
will write about come from when did it
when did it come into your life I think
growing up with the scientists so you
can't you can't say that something is
knowledge if it's really just belief you
which is a different thing it's not that
beliefs do not move the world they do
but but knowledge is something that you
can you can actually show evidence for I
didn't want people saying where did you
think of this weird shit basically I
wanted to say well it wasn't being here
the examples this is what we're capable
of we're also capable of very good
things it's a mixed bag being a human
being you you you don't get to be
angelically pure kind of ever so we're
looking at our looking at what we've
done over the years some of them
sometimes they've done very good things
and sometimes we've done very bad things
I often think of people using human as
an adjective and I think they think
about that think about that just one
more time because your childhood was
