way like this and nobody will
necessarily follow your pointing what
you're writing does are suppose is take
examples of what dystopia yeah what the
dystopia as a forum does it creates a
blueprint and says to people is this the
house you want to live in and if not
what house do you want to live in so if
you don't want to live in this world
where you seem to be heading possibly
you might consider another kind of world
that you do want to live in and how to
create that other kind of world that's
what those kinds of books do if they're
said on another planet it's a thought
experiment of a different kind if
they're said on this planet with
technologies we already have and stuff
we've already done they're in the
Linnaean
verne brave new world in 1984 in
Fahrenheit 451 that's the kind of book
these are so nothing in outer space no
dragons sadly and so that I don't like
dragons I just can't write dragons well
and others have done that anyway so it's
it's it's this world what we've already
done nothing that is outside the scope
of human behavior somebody said to me on
Twitter where how do you think up this
weird shit said they then I said it's
not me thinking it up it's human beings
over the past 4,000 years there's
there's no weird shit that I can think
up that has not been done so what where
