artists and writers again us and doing
these things I suppose what I'm asking
you is as a writer all you in fact say a
women's rights activist are you doing
this to change the world I'm not sure
that bugs can change the world I think
citizens changed the world
I think groups of people changed the
world I don't think the single books can
necessarily change the world unless they
gather groups of citizens behind them
who are willing to do the actual
changing so they can be a factor or not
a factor but don't count on it
you know don't don't have the
megalomania to think my book will change
the world it will not necessarily happen
the people who are really changing
things and moving the needle right now I
would say are the are the extinction
rebellion teenagers who were putting a
bit of right into politicians because
pretty soon they're going to be able to
vote so even young Republicans are
saying we'd better pay attention to this
other Republicans get your heads out of
the sand there is a climate crisis so I
think that's the kind of thing that
actually changes things you as a writer
you can do or as a writer citizen or old
person like me you can do a certain
amount of cheerleading but you singly as
an individual are not going to
necessarily change the world you can
