and give no counter story that's not as
useful
I would like to answer that please
so I know you guys are looking for a
story and when when you have a certain
agenda behind behind behind certain
stories and articles that are written
and you cannot always react and and and
act from the position of defense because
then you would expose what your weakness
or you then what does that mean that we
have to react to every Sitton article
that you write or anybody writes because
you're exposing counsel you're exposing
me as an individual that I am against
certain individuals they were I don't
know on the board or leading the
Association or something like that I
just don't understand your comments
about that we have to react with the
opposing story on every single article
it doesn't make any sense why would we
but that's what you said that's what you
said you said if if there is a if there
is a certain story that has been
portrayed in the media then you're
expecting an opposing story so you can
counterbalance both and you can then
compare and you can understand who's
right or who's wrong right that's
so okay so you so you believe that any
story that is out there is a transparent
and honest and true well you do vouch
for every single information that you
get from your allegedly reliable source
right I don't know I don't know I'm not
pointing out on any specific information
but you're saying you're you're actually
it's quite paradox or what you're saying
I mean you're saying from one hand you
know I don't vote for every story
whatever but you get information from
your source and then you write about it
you tweet about it or you you put it out
there you create the buzz you create the
friction and then of course it creates a
story it creates the whole wave of
tsunami against us and then what are we
supposed to do react on every single
tweet not just a second reactance every
single tweet I mean it's not fair really
I mean before understanding the
proportions the ramifications
understanding you know what you're doing
with every single tweet that you have to
our sport to our players I'm not saying
that every to everything that you're
tweeting about or writing about is wrong
don't absolutely not I respect you're
looking for a story I understand that I
respect you but what
no no but you're pointing out you're
pointing out on its own specific
information I'm pointing out on the
whole process of how you what is the way
you go about things you know that for me
