of the users so let's hear directly from
her so I've always been a pretty similar
person which is that I always work hard
maybe harder than I should sometimes I
truly believe in optimism
I've always been an eternal optimist and
I suppose that's where I kind of got led
astray because I always thought well
technology can empower people and
engagement in politics is a very good
thing and that the more I could do to
understand technology and to understand
politics that this is going to have a
positive impact unfortunately I found
out that that's not always true so what
I learned on the Obama campaign and that
NGOs like Amnesty International about
how you can use communications to get
people to care about important things
you can use those exact same tools to do
people ill and that's why I do all of
the work today to empower people to be
able to protect themselves well we still
don't have the legislative or regulatory
frameworks for governments to protect
their own citizens yet just because
