very ethical very quickly in response to
the scandals right if I was to do
something differently I would have paid
attention to my intuition earlier and
when I saw red flags hopefully become a
whistleblower before the brexit campaign
won or at least before the Trump
campaign won but maybe I I didn't have
enough evidence until then you know
after seeing the fallout from brexit and
Trump those are some of my main
motivations to start to question the
morals and ethics of how data was being
used in those campaigns so I have a lot
of gratitude for the fact that I've had
a lot of supporters and a lot of people
that have helped give me the power to
use my voice for good and to come out
and show people what the truth is the
truth isn't always pretty but it's never
too late to do the right thing and to
come out and let people know what
occurred so that we can prevent these
types of abuses from happening again so
