probably coming this weekend and
understandably say anything now
final thing I've gotta ask you mentioned
other majors Jack's 18 record what he
saying
what's in your mind now well I always
thought it was possible if I had
everything go my way it took him an
entire career to get to 18 so you know
now that I've had it's another extension
to my career one I didn't think I had a
couple years ago you know if I fight do
things correctly and everything falls my
way yeah it's a possibility you know
it's I'm never gonna say it's not except
for a couple years ago when I could walk
now it's I just need to have a lot of
things go my way and you know who's to
say that it will will not happen I mean
that's what the future holds I don't
know you know one thing I can promise
you this is that I will be prepared now
whether or not it all comes together
because you need to have mind body and
soul to come together for those four
days that doesn't always happen you know
it if you think about it I've been on
here what 96 23 years or so it's only
come together 15 times it takes special
moments for it all to come together and
you know hopefully I can have it come
together you know down the road more
often but I'm excited that that I have
this opportunity again this opportunity
to play in major championships it's last
year proved a lot to myself by having
the lead at at the open having a chance
to to push Brooksie and almost steal a
PGA those two major championships
allowed me to have this one and
hopefully this one will have let me
