right back at him so then that that
hasn't changed and ideas just think they
I gained a an appreciation for the
moment because they were there when I
when I failed I had a chance to when the
last time they came out I had a chance
to win the Open Championship and they
felt the buzz of you know dad's on the
top of the board and I lost and that
sucked but now they saw me on top of the
board and I accomplished it so two
polarizing situations but I think that
they have a better appreciation for well
not not only that I think they also
understand that when I try and tell them
try and describe how hilly Augusta
National is they really don't understand
until they finally walked it and that's
one of the things they keep talking
about it's you know I can't believe how
hilly this place yeah it's totally it's
not Florida it's not flat they would tie
