and it hung and had a little 18-inch
happened and there it was and there was
what is it about August the National
that makes it so special for you and
your family I think one it's just that
being the only major championship that
never moves the history behind it the
the lore of it just immaculate
conditions is the right it's the passage
of spring you know we all look forward
to you know springtime and that's what
we can play more golf and and what
better showcase is that then this iconic
place like to go so national and for me
that's what I remember growing up as a
kid as watching that and and seeing all
these flowers blooming in these perfect
conditions
there's no rough there at the time
there's no second cut so everything was
all the same length grass you see guys
bring them all all of the place but they
kept saying as a second shot golf course
and you would see numerous players be so
defensive on putts and then you see guys
make runs on the back nine and never
really understood until I got there and
I realized yeah that's what can happen
you know the ability to have two par 5s
