mortality and there was something in me
that just went oh there is a word for
what she is
I'm in love with her that's what it is I
just couldn't find it until then and so
I went to left my marriage and went to
take care of her while she was dying and
was that for
was that because of your need to be
conventional at all that you couldn't
recognize it earlier today I was trying
to be good I wanted to be good and I
also loved my husband and she did too
and I loved her and I didn't want it I
just was never gonna cross that line it
was just it worked like many things it
worked until it didn't did this make you
question your sexuality or for you was
it not about your sexuality per se it
was about the person as you say that
that you felt closest to yeah this
moment is probably the first time I've
considered questioning my sexuality now
that you bring it up I really gave it no
thought what I want to say that that is
also to be very very honest that is also
a symptom of my extraordinary privilege
and by privilege I mean the privilege of
my skin color the privilege of the city
I live in New York City the privilege of
the moment that I lived in realism where
it's just I actually can just do that
and I won't face any severe punishment
from my family or my culture and there
are a lot of people who don't know I
mean you know if you say I'm this friend
of mine is female friend I you I was in
love with her then most people would
assume then that you're a gay woman what
they if I was with Mary yeah do you guys
think I'm gay that shouldn't be my you
