the fourth love do you understand sand
we all do yeah does tongue make people
no but I think what happened is is that
on the fourth one when he hung off that
world's tallest building the audience
responded really well to it because they
could see that it was him and in this
day and age when you can do anything on
screen and and it's an incredible place
to be because we can see such
extraordinary spectacle now on the
cinema screen thanks to CGI which is an
amazing tool but it does slightly remove
the how do they do that question that we
used to ask them we'd see special
effects when you couldn't figure out how
it was done now we have some vague idea
of a person in a room with a computer
and you can do face replacements and you
can do body replacements and you know
there is a degree of tension which has
been removed from cinema because we know
we're not watching reality I think what
we kind of accidentally almost uncovered
was this desire for the audience to kind
of feel a sense of authenticity when
they're watching the movie and be
thinking oh my god that's the actor
doing that that's not just the character
that's actually you know Tom Cruise
flying that helicopter in a spiral
towards the ground and there's a genuine
sense of sort of terror and enjoyment
that can be taken from that which you
don't necessarily get from watching
something you know is fake so is it that
