it was clear to me and it was clear to
Oliver Stone that the only way we were
ever going to get the real
verisimilitude into this thing the only
way we were going to get that
thousand-yard stare and that Bush vet
jungle tired stink hard look was to make
them stink and make them get heart so I
took them about 85 miles up in the
jungle where there were no phones no
people no agents no trailers no nothing
but an intention tool which is a small
folding shovel and I hand it to them I
said PayPal dig your hole this is home
for the next two weeks when I build a
unit for a film I build a unit whoever
you thought you were when you arrived on
airplane you are no longer that person
you are who you're going to be in this
film and you're going to think that way
you're going to live that way and you're
going to eat that way and you're going
to sleep that way and you're going to
suffer that way I remember the first
night that we were in the bush in the
Philippines I had literally just drugged
these kids off of an airplane cut all of
their hair off told them I didn't ever
want to hear the name Johnny Depp Tom
Berenger Charlie Sheen whoever those
clowns were they stayed back stateside
you people are now Bravo Company second
platoon and this is the way it's going
to be and of course they got into it
right away they realized what the
situation was what they didn't realize
was how serious I could get about it
what I did was the first evening when
they were trying to dig in it was just
about dusk and they didn't know which
end of the shovel worked they didn't
know how their packs went on and that
was fine I wanted him to be that
confused I wanted him to experience that
disorientation that confusion and what I
had my effects guy do was to emplace
explosive charges around this hilltop
where they were dug in they had no clue
that this was going to happen and just
about the time that I set the watch I
said explosions flew and rocks flew and
everything else get in your holes get in
your holes return fire return flow of
course a North held it they jumped in
the holes and had their heads down like
this and rocks and dirt were flying
everywhere in the world and I said I've
got to get some fire going on here I've
got to teach them that the things
Jews immediately return fire try to gain
fire superiority so I jumped in a hole
and in the hole were two actors one by
the name of Johnny Depp and the other by
the name of Ivan Kane and I jumped in
the middle of both of them and I shoved
one aside and I grabbed his m16 rifle
and I said give me a magazine give me a
magazine meaning the box containing the
cartridges for the rifle well what I got
was Ivan Cain reaching in his pack and
coming out with Time and Newsweek which
he had bought at the airport in Manila
so we had to get over those kind of
bumps and we got over them very easily I
said we rolled up the magazines and
whacked him about the head a couple of
times until he got the idea that that
wasn't the kind of magazine I was
talking I have to say that about halfway
