Schumer why was Wonder Sykes the only
one offered $250,000 this is this is a
more unpleasant question but I want you
to respond to it because there are
people who think that it's because you
have it this is what there are difficult
reputations that you're a little bit
troublemaker that that's a battles that
all started eight years ago yes so what
do you say to that I say thank you for
letting yes we thought you didn't want
to and eight years ago I did a movie
called precious and on that film I
receive $50,000 and that was not my
argument on my fight because that's what
I signed up for once I did all of my
obligations my deal was with a man named
Lee Daniels I did all of my contractual
obligations and I was done then when I
start getting calls from Lee Daniels
Tyler Perry Oprah Winfrey and Lionsgate
and they wanted me to come work for free
they wanted want to go over to Conn and
promote this film internationally and I
said to them I said guys my deal is with
Lee Daniels and I've done my job and
they all agreed and this is what happens
in my humble opinion when you don't go
up to the hotel room so when I think
about those women that say I'm gonna
stop you okay I'm gonna stop okay
because contractually yes when you make
a movie regardless of who you signed the
deal with yes your job is to go and
promote said movie yes that's that's no
no no no no but so when they wanted you
to come and I we've had this
conversation and I said if you had
called me I could have schooled you on
what was expected and when we did have
that conversation and what I said to you
my sweet sister
I said whoopee at what point that we
stop saying the next time because what
was expect when I was time for it though
yeah I want to ask you
for the publicity because if I had done
something wrong contractually they would
have sued me the reason why no one could
do anything to me contractually because
they found out I did nothing wrong
contractually so when they asked me to
come overseas to promote the film when I
said guys I'm spending time with my
family I'm gonna pass now when I make
this statement this is what happens when
you don't go to the room what Tyler
Perry showed me Lee Daniels Oprah
Winfrey and Lionsgate when you don't do
what we actually do we'll take your
livelihood so for eight years for eight
years my family has suffered and my
career has suffered because what I would
not allow those entities to do was bully
me and because I didn't allow the
bullying to happen this is now what I
sit in yeah yeah shoot thanks for coming
money yeah thanks we'll be right back
