[Music]
as I prayed over what I wanted to share
with my brothers I was thinking about
using just a martial art techniques to
show brothers how to defend yourselves
but then I thought about my journey
through my training and through life I
can teach you all the techniques in the
world but if you haven't dealt with your
soul nothing will work when it really is
time for you to fight my mother just
buried my mother two weeks ago and I
gave her my all and I asked God prior to
her development dementia I said this
soul in me this was calling me to
rebelled and be angry at my father cause
he wasn't there for me not to have
patience with my wife I need you to deal
with this I said gracefully break me
whatever you need to do to get me under
your control 2009 I had shoulder surgery
outpatient surgery labeled torn from
bench-pressing almost died my lungs
started filling with fluid they run to
get my wife was an RN and asking her
what they're doing there the doctors was
deep about it the Lord told me it was
about to start
I had my beard trimmed up I have no hair
loss that had my beard trimmed up and
had my son's hair cut my wife was like
why are you doing that she didn't know I
was doing it so the mortician wouldn't
mess me up in the casket I wake my wife
tells me an accident happened
such-and-such and I just put my hand up
cuz I didn't want to talk so while I had
this trick down my throat for me to
breathe because literally I couldn't
breathe on my own God was like relax
it's about to start
so wants us calm down and deal with my
anxiety
they remove the trade and it began 2010
we purchased a home that needed to be
rehabbed I own my own construction
company
I had to rehab it by myself after that
my mother I get a call I sent her to
Atlanta to be with her best friend until
I can move her in our house because
that's why I bought the house I get a
call she's cussing throwing my friends
for her friend's furniture around and
then that begins so all of this is
compounding on me and it's been a
six-year journey at the same time I'm
still training in the arts understanding
the part of breaking the soul dealing
with what's in our way what's stopping
us from resting what's stopping us from
remaining calm and so as I was preparing
this presentation I said whatever you
want me to go God just leave me for you
guys and so you may may be able to work
on one technique or soul but it's more
important that we understand the real
problem is our soul once we get that
under control then everything else will
