like this he says that's how close you
are to die let me show you guys grace in
this as you know my mother just passed
and dementia has been a journey she said
if she would have died that week he says
I would have died right after her he
said you came to see me at the right
time that was number God's grace don't
miss the principle though for my healing
it was not the diet per se it was the
rest so I started telling people no I
can't do this
I turned down fifty thousand dollars of
potential funding because it it it
needed the the project needed me to
create something new I said I need to
stay with what I'm doing that is killing
me always trying to find a new idea to
get some resources I said I need to walk
in this one thing God is calling me to
do so that I can live to do it look at
my blood after I stayed Oh
to what he prescribed so now you know I
