to deal with what makes me different
from you is that I embraced it that's it
God wants us all to transform brothers
he doesn't desire for us to be working
like we're working when he says come to
me those who are weary and heavy burden
now I would give you rest
he wasn't just talking to the people we
serve
took her to the service and we look up
the word rest in the Greek and you
really study it also means recreation so
he says come to me and I would give you
how about this word fun one last time
you had fun
see yeah I mean and it didn't do nothing
look I'm a family man
but then our fallen is tied to our
family but when is the last time you had
fun that something else wants you to
think about and I want you to snatch
that back this is me after God's led me
right back where I needed to be but that
