us and Greg's like you know speaking
Spanish so as I'm sitting on this guy's
leg catching my breath a little bit
because we're sprinting uphill
we realized that I'm in like the Spanish
neighborhood like all these people are
coming out their houses yelling in
Spanish across the street I like Oh Lord
here we go but what has happened in that
Gregg's yelling like Spanish to people
and then a guy walked up to us and he's
like please like yo man that could have
been my mama's car and once he said that
I was like yes they're on our side
like yeah you punk that good about this
guy and uh and so we hold them we hold
them and I the police come and you know
at that point I'm just sitting on I'm
resting I'm like you know cuz I got a
fight coming up so I'm just holding this
foot here right now you got me breathing
hard stuff and so the police comes get
out of his car he's like what are you
doing here why aren't you fighting
tonight and I'm like yeah man we just
trying to medicate my meditation uh and
this guy you know but anyways it was
great you know the police didn't give us
a ride back to the crime scene so we had
to walk all the way back through this
neighborhood and I'm looking around as
Alan speak a lick of Spanish so uh yeah
it was it was pretty interesting lady
she came she's like I was so good to see
people like like you guys here to help
me you guys cared enough to chase that
guy and the police I told her that I was
fighting and everything she was like you
know the guys going to be with you
tonight man you're gonna do you're gonna
do good god bless you sir I'm gonna
watch your fight and I was like thank
you male then we went and we all felt
like superheroes we just had the best
meditation session ever and and I just
felt really good after that was like I
gotta win this fight I got the hard work
dedication and now I got karma on my
side so it was it was crazy it was good
