careful I don't like do where I you know
we're all MMA guys and he's like he's
like well I'm just like you know a lot
of people get mugged here just as he
said that I turn to pull off my seat
belt and the guy I see an old Spanish
couple like screaming and they're like
running they looked like they're out of
breath big-time and I'm like dude they
just got mugged and he's like no no I'm
like maybe now I'm tripping you just put
that in my mind so Mike Winkeljohn hops
out of the car and he's like you guys
okay and then she's like you know the
guy just he just he just broke my window
open and he took all my stuff and he's
running and so I'm like what so Mike
Winkeljohn without hesitation he starts
running right and I'm like holy crap and
then Greg Jackson he just like he just
starts running and they both start
running so I'm like what is happening
right now so next thing you know I have
my sweat pants on I have a I pod and my
Droid X um my wallet I'm like you're
like what is like where am I was going
on so I'm like okay it's time for me to
take action so I like take I like take
my hands in my pockets I throw my stuff
on the floor I told our driver I'm like
to take
my stuff I filled out for and I just
started running right and you know I got
these gazelle wakes so I'm running right
and I'm running and next thing you know
you know I kicked him to my coaches and
I'm jogging and there's a spring right I
like so what are we doing we're gonna
catch this guy he's like he's like he's
like John you get back he's like trying
to swim move me like get over he's like
get back you don't need to be involved
with this right and I'm like now coach
god I trust you man I'll be okay I'll be
okay so I'm gonna put the Jets on you
know I went to Yoel so I put the Jets on
and I catch up to the Gatlin how're you
doing you're gonna I'm joking so anyways
the guy like we're getting I'm like
closing in on this guy about 20 yards
away and the guys like you can see that
he starting to get winded so it's like
you know he got this stuff and he's
running and he looks back and he usually
sees me you know six four you got Greg
and wink like it's behind us
yeah Greg and ones behind me and I'm
just running like young you know well
Casey right so uh so the guy looks back
and then he trips over his own foot and
so at the time we tripped over his own
off I got so scared because I didn't
know what I was gonna do when I actually
caught him
so I except like the cider barking like
ah I'm gonna get you like half you know
so so the guys like he looks back a
little crap but he's trying to stand up
and when he was standing up I approached
someone he's like in a you know you're
March crusade go type of stance because
I try to get his momentum back and one
of his behind feet I just came up with
my foot and like scooped it out from
under on what my foot like kicked him
from the bank like kind of kicked his
ankle out and he fell down and when he
fell he like you know scraped his hands
are pretty good and so he's down on the
floor and you know I'm thinking like I
hope I don't get stabbed right now so
I'm just like looking at him like that
ground to pound him and uh Greg Jackson
just comes out of nowhere and jokes on
the guy at the bank and he starts
speaking Spanish nicly little you know
and like I'm like you don't Spanish all
right so I'm like let me do this all
right
so I like I grab the guys feet and then
I put them in this move so I went to
college for criminal justice and I had a
class defensive tactics so I grabbed him
and I like figure for his legs and I
said on his legs and he's screaming at
us and Greg's like you know speaking
Spanish so as I'm sitting on this guy's
