it's just such a great reaction to the
film it's fantastic but I think it's a
testament to Tom's kind of passion about
you know doing it all himself and making
sure that it feels real and is to an
extent real you're watching a not just a
sort of narrative but you're watching a
person and actor do those things you
know and that gives it a level of
authenticity that you don't get from
making it up in the computer or whatever
you know it's it's genuine and and when
you watch CG however spectacular CG is
and can be and it's a great tool you
still understand that what you're
watching isn't real no matter how
amazing your what you're seeing is there
is a degree of detachment because you
know it boils down to somebody or a
group of people somewhere going like
this whereas this it did happen and that
gives you a level of subconscious kind
of involvement and thrilled that Tom
gets you don't understand what you're in
