we were talking on the phone a couple
weeks ago and you said that you know now
that this whole Marvel thing has come to
a close you're sort of looking at some
sort of a change or to do something that
you haven't had the opportunity to do
because there's been so much opportunity
yes realistically to put it in a
nutshell I had an incredible 10 year run
that was creatively satisfying it was
very very very hard work and I'd dug
very deep but I have not been forced to
explore the new frontier of what is my
creative and personal life
after this yeah it's always good to get
ahead of where you're about to be if you
put eyes on oh that's gonna be a big
turn down there spring of nineteen
better I better start psychically
getting on top of that you know cuz I
don't like the I don't like the the
metaphoric K hole I don't like folding
up and molting and all that stuff you
know
and yet it's always in the transitions
between one phase and the next phase
where people fall apart so just as a
matter of me just wanting to be a fit
father husband and citizen which you
know roughly in that order
you got to put eyes down the road and
say I'm being irresponsible if I don't
start saying you know what is after that
so part of it is there's a dependency so
you feel like you're in that transition
right hundred percent and there's always
dependency on something that feels like
a sure thing like it's the truck it's
the closest thing I will ever come to
being a trust-fund kid
sure right and also there's there's a
real like bell-shaped curve initially by
creating and associating and synergizing
with Tony Stark and the mobile universe
and all the stuff and me a good company
man but also being a little off kilter
and being creative and then getting into
all these other partnerships it was a
time when it's like one of the se owners
of pets start looking like they're pets
or whatever it is even this is
occasionally you would pull back from
and go alright let me stop let me get
off the teat of this archetype yeah let
me see where I stand
you can you can feel really buffeted and
you can get really and spun out by it it
