but we might be more pro-science in
America if we were less religious don't
you think well you know I think the the
issues we have with science these days
are not restricted to to what's
happening with respect to religion I
there are a lot of very religious
scientists around I think the problem is
is that in our school systems and to
some degree and this is where it is
relevant with school boards around the
country that are mandating curriculums
and textbooks you start seeing this
weird watering down of scientific fact
so that our our kids are growing up in
an environment and this connects with a
to what I was saying earlier about the
media where everything's contested that
that nothing is true because if it's on
Facebook it all looks the same
and if you're reading something from a
Nobel prize-winning physicist next to
some guy
in his underwear it writin in his
basement yeah or his mom's basement in
on text it looks like it's equally
plausible and part of what we have to do
a better job of if our democracy is a
function in a complicated diverse
society like this is to teach our kids
enough critical thinking to be able to
sort out what is true and what is false
what is contestable and and what is
incontestable and and we seem to have
have trouble with that and and our our
political system doesn't help
