shocked and can wiggle his Mane movie
no I got a TRO Terry now you caught you
gave yourself the nickname Terry the
amusement park cruise why the amusement
park because I am funny and scary at the
same time look at those rides it's fine
inviting that that one clown is sitting
there looking at you yeah that is my act
that's been my act for years you're
funny but you're scary at the same time
so it's a thin line you know what I mean
it's like I used to do in high school I
used to turnip even better what what
you're talking to me man
are you talking to me and they go
[Applause]
just like that turn it on and off it
works on Expendables it worked in white
chicks
it goes all this way you know it just
kind of goes from one day when I get mad
people just laugh that's the thing it's
you can get them to laugh but then you
can probably switch it around and get
really intense but when I get intense
and I'm like just think oh what a silly
fool
you only Joe Pesci should do an act
together yeah you know what I always
realized that I had that power it's kind
of a cool cool thing because playing in
the NFL you needed it you know it's kind
of like if you have two good parents and
a nice life you ain't going in NFL okay
it takes a lot of pain you know
channeling thought you got a channel it
and you got it but then in the locker
room I was the funny guy that was the
thing let me ask you a question you have
