do this if you really want to end up
being passionate well you can you can
shrink it all the way down to Steve
Martin's advice which is where I got the
title for the book which was be so good
they can't ignore you it's like that's
what Martin used to tell aspiring
entertainers and what he said was well
they always were hoping there was gonna
be some secret or here's how you get
noticed or hear so you get the right age
and what he would always tell them is be
so good they can't ignore you if you do
that lots of other good things will come
and so I ended up naming that book so
good they can't ignore you is because
that advice basically turns out to be
incredibly applicable especially if
you're new let's say you're new to the
job market you're right out of school
you want to be passionate about what you
do by far probably the most important
thing you can do the most important step
you can take if you want to maximize the
probability that you have a fantastic
working life put your head down and go
into apprentice mode I'm gonna master
something that's unambiguously valuable
you do that on that foundation all sorts
of really good things come good things
that include real satisfaction and
passion for your work but I want to go
