media use and less happiness unless
sociality so they were part of your
argument on this I thought was really
made powerful by the things that they
were like well maybe it's not that maybe
it's this and maybe it's this and they
ended up seeing that actually those
don't line up walk us through those
because I think it really adds punch to
see you take away well I mean a lot of
these studies are correlational you're
looking at different generations you're
looking at different birth years and
you're trying to understand in general
why is that population different so when
it came to teenagers and mental health
there was this sort of off-the-charts
moment where the demographers that
measure different properties of
different generations when they got to
this generation Z the first generation
that have ubiquitous access to
smartphones starting their adolescence
these mental health issues increased
more rapidly than anything they'd ever
seen before increase between any
generation so it was literally off the
charts like they don't see changes
usually the changes between generations
is much more gradual and so they're
trying to figure out why what exactly
are they measuring in this case we're
looking at think about it as like birth
year versus like per capita incidences
of anxiety and anxiety related disorders
right and so you get to this birth year
in the 90s that puts you at the
smartphone era in your early adolescence
and that goes up right and so they're
trying to figure out why but like any
good demographers you see there could be
a lot of different issues so there could
be a lot of different conjectures and so
they explored a lot of different things
but the timing wasn't working out for
other things they thought well maybe
has to do with you know the Great
Recession and economic anxiety but that
started earlier and in this didn't start
till a little bit later and like well
maybe it's like political stuff and
everyone's stressed out but no no that's
much later that comes much later so
they're they're really trying to figure
this out they said well maybe it's self
reporting okay so maybe yes it's true
that starting at this Berthier people
report anxiety anxiety related sorters
but we've just become more used to that
and so maybe just people are more
comfortable but then they look at the
hospitalization data and
hospitalizations for self-harm went
right up with it right so it's not a
reporting error and so what you see is
this sort of narrowing of consensus
around the idea that there's really no
other explanation that fits the data as
well as giving social media to
adolescents that's what's causing it
you've made some pretty bold statements
