passionate yeah the latter is the right
way to think about it and basically we
have to lower the bar so we have to
lower the bar from this impossible
height where we put it which is you have
a one true passion and if you figure it
out you're gonna love your work starting
the next day and if you get it wrong
you're destined for a life of misery
like we have to lower that bar down to
there are many different things upon
which you could build a life of real
fulfillment and passion but it's not
just dart throwing right I mean it has
to be something that you have an
interest in it has to be something that
you think would reward you with more
flexibility and options as you got
better at it right so so it's not just
arbitrary but most people could probably
pretty quickly identify six or seven
directions that pass those qualifiers
and so a lot of what I'm saying is
that's enough that's enough worth to
pass the bar
I like this maybe it matches some of my
skills I like the options it would open
up if I did it well it seems to resonate
in some sort of ill-defined or ambiguous
way that's all enough for something to
be the foundation of a passionate career
and there's probably a lot of things
that that pass that criterion that's
okay so now going to the idea of a
