define the good life for a very long
time or an interesting life I'd love for
you to define that like what why does
this matter what are we missing out on
what what is a good life what should
people be striving for well I mean I'm a
big advocate of what I sometimes call
the deep life but basically doing a
small number of valuable things really
well we know that is incredibly
fulfilling so I think that's why I'm
fulfillment for me human flourishing
I think Aristotle got it right with his
concept of eudaimonia which is not about
happiness and it's not about good things
happening or avoiding bad things
eudaimonia was you're reaching a point
of human flourishing so you're sort of
taking the potential you have as a human
and you're making good on it right so
you feel like you're making the most of
what you're capable of doing and I think
he was right writing all the way back
then that this is what for the ancient
Greeks you know this is what you were
looking for
it's eudaimonia and so the deep life is
very much complementary to that but it's
not just about what you do
professionally it turns out sort of this
this depth right doing the the important
things well is very important in your
social life as well and so this is why
you know in digital minimalism I'm so
concerned about people being very live
about how they're gonna change what
sociality means like I'm gonna do things
on my phone now I'm going to be doing
streaks on snapchat and selfies and like
let's just completely change you know
what it means to be social that has big
impacts because we know we've known
since the Ancients that what do you need
to also feel like a flourishing thriving
human being is you have to take
responsibility for and sacrifice on
behalf of family close friends and
community you can't just do that it has
to be I am connected and serving the
people in my immediate orbit we need
that as well the flourish so in your
work focusing to do really good things
and in your social life focusing to
actually be there and serve and
sacrifice for family close friends and
community this is like an ancient
formula for flourishing as a human being
a lot of recent tech has
inadvertently pushed us away from those
things yeah service and sacrifice that's
