Cal Newport show horse I'm super excited
to have you because I have been beyond
obsessed with you since you changed my
entire view on passion yes so I was the
passion guy talked about passion all the
time have to have in your life yeah it's
the answer oh and then a friend was like
did you have to read this book it's all
about how passion following your passion
is actually bad advice yes so walk us
through why is following your passion
bad advice yeah well I mean I wrote that
book in 2012 because I was going through
a career transition so I was finishing
up grad school I was in sort of a
postdoc year going on to the job market
to be in academic which if you do right
means you
your first and last job interviews your
whole life and so I had this idea that
if there was ever a time I was going to
get leverage out of understanding how do
people end up really loving their
careers this was the point in my life
where I'd get the most leverage and so
since I'd written a couple books I
figured instead of just looking into
this on my own I can write a book about
it as an excuse to interview some people
so I went out there look at the research
literature talk to a lot of people who
seem to love what they do and try to get
to the bottom of it how do people get
there and the first thing you discover
if you research this topic is especially
at the time the most common advice is
follow your passion right that's what
everyone was saying you got to get after
it you got a crush to just get after
your passion and just figure that out
and everything else will work out but
you spend a little bit of time looking
at the research literature you know a
little bit of time talking to people who
are actually passionate and asking their
story and you see this advice really
isn't that good if anything actually
telling someone follow your passion
might reduce the probability that they
end up passionate about their work
that's interesting why yeah well there's
a couple issues so one that advice
presupposes that most people have an
intrinsic passion that they can identify
through introspection and then use as
the basis of their career choices we
don't have a lot of evidence that's true
in fact most people probably don't have
a clearly identifiable passion this is
especially probably true of young people
people coming out let's say college
where this type of thinking becomes very
important so you tell someone who
doesn't have this clear fashion I just
gotta follow your passion
you're setting them up right for failure
it's already they're gonna be really
worried and then second we don't have a
lot of evidence that connecting a job to
a pre-existing interest plays a big role
in whether or not you get deep
satisfaction out of that job that's
really surprising yeah so so we have
decades of research on what leads people
to actually feel sort of motivation
towards their job what lease them to be
satisfied and it turns out that the
traits have very little to do with this
intrinsic match it has more to do with
things like impact mastery connection
with people doing something worthwhile
getting better at a skill that's valued
if you get these generic traits you tend
to enjoy your job more and more in fact
the research shows that if you can take
a group of people who all had the same
job and then they interviewed them to
try to understand how they felt about it
the main differentiating factor on what
separated someone from feeling like the
job was a calling versus just a job was
how long they'd been doing it that is
very surprised because the longer they'd
been doing it the better they got at the
bigger sense of impact they had the more
connection they had the people and so in
my in my book what I basically flipped
the script and said what I'm actually
observing out there is that maybe eight
times out of ten if you interview
someone who really loves what they're
doing they probably started without a
clear-cut vision that this is what I
meant to do but what they did commit to
was getting very good getting very good
at skills becoming very impactful
building mastery and that for this eight
out of ten cases the passion follows the
mastery yeah that that to me is it was
