every day you start to really get
stronger there seems to be from the most
recent research literature sort of one
distinctly positive thing from social
media and to distinctly negative so the
two distinctly negative things is one
they call it social snacking but
essentially you replace actual
high-quality face-to-face interaction
the type of connections that you need to
thrive as a social being you replace it
with a low-friction interaction online
and it's not a fair trade and so if all
you're doing is talking to people on
Twitter and on Facebook on Instagram and
snapchat and you're not actually
sacrificing your time and energy to be
there for friends close friends family
community you feel much much more lonely
much more anxious the second issue of
social comparison so it's just not
healthy for us to constantly be looking
at these carefully curated positive
portrayals of everyone's life that's not
we're not wired for it and so that also
makes us less happy so it's it's it's
the social comparison which directly
makes us less happy in the social
snacking which keeps us away from the
type of actual interactions that would
make us more happy those are probably
the two leading drivers for why we see
these correlations with increased social
media use and less happiness unless
sociality so they were part of your
