living in a magazine how did you team up
with KB for this project well we've been
partners with KB homes for several years
now
designing and influencing the way KB
Homes look we're style mavens if you are
if you want and and it's a lot of fun
working with KB because what we're
trying to do is make an expensive
affordable housing absolutely gorgeous
and this house is a fine example of that
and in addition to being gorgeous and
livable and comfortable it is also
extremely practical and environmentally
sound well and I like the idea too that
you can have all of these things in a
dream home and it's not so far out of
reach for the other day gal know this
house with that has three bedrooms plus
a fourth room that could be used either
as a bedroom or or a family were a dent
or a library a huge living room kitchen
beautiful dining area which could also
be used as a living room and a two-car
garage all of that for I think the price
on this house is three hundred and
eighty thousand dollars which which in
my neighborhood would build you maybe a
garage
okay posit well and speaking of your
homes I read that the inspiration for
the design in this home comes from your
own living oh yes well this kitchens
very similar to the kind of kitchen I
work in the beautiful open shelving the
the clean lines of the kitchen the
really efficient use of space a pantry
that is visible so that you can look in
there and know what you have it's a very
nice kitchen the funny thing about this
kitchen it's so organized and Beautif
in my own house and I know we've talked
about this before on our website I have
that dreaded junk drawer you know you
just the catch-all for everything and I
wondered is Martha Stewart have a junk
drawer than organized and organized
rugger
no I built a table in my house okay
that's that's sort of an island okay but
the table has drawers on both sides and
each drawer has a specific storage
purpose for your junk for my side I have
a lot of junk you know I have probably
more junk that you have but each drawer
is an organized junk drawer so I know my
scissors and other kinds of cutting
tools are in one's right my pencils and
other things pens are in another my
little home remedies and another so it's
not all the organized chaos so it's very
organized okay else whatsoever and you
know through your projects like these
your magazines books radio shows
television I mean you have so much great
advice to give is there anything you
kind of hold on to for yourself like
your own little secrets never never and
I but what's really interesting is that
no matter how many times my editors come
to visit me they take away a new idea
because if I think of something new i
implement it immediately and that
implementation then is shared and i do a
