kitchen it's so organized and Beautif
in my own house and I know we've talked
about this before on our website I have
that dreaded junk drawer you know you
just the catch-all for everything and I
wondered is Martha Stewart have a junk
drawer than organized and organized
rugger
no I built a table in my house okay
that's that's sort of an island okay but
the table has drawers on both sides and
each drawer has a specific storage
purpose for your junk for my side I have
a lot of junk you know I have probably
more junk that you have but each drawer
is an organized junk drawer so I know my
scissors and other kinds of cutting
tools are in one's right my pencils and
other things pens are in another my
little home remedies and another so it's
not all the organized chaos so it's very
organized okay else whatsoever and you
know through your projects like these
your magazines books radio shows
television I mean you have so much great
advice to give is there anything you
kind of hold on to for yourself like
your own little secrets never never and
I but what's really interesting is that
no matter how many times my editors come
to visit me they take away a new idea
because if I think of something new i
implement it immediately and that
implementation then is shared and i do a
