sometimes plain how old Rhea I was about
nineteen Wow
yeah man that's crazy man I was it was
like one of the best years of my life
man because I went from a very average
thinking person just let's just average
19 year old yeah to to get in I don't
like reading so I literally got on all
these TED talks and on YouTube and I
just started youtubing videos about self
belief and what does it mean to be
confident and what what does it mean to
be a winner how do you become a winner
and I were watching hours and hours of
Tony Robbins in Les Brown and Ted
Thompson
I like taught myself how to believe in
myself and how to think that I was
greater than just this kid that was a
dropout who you know never really had
great grades never really was the
starter never was the captain of a team
which is always kind of the average
person and overnight I taught myself
that I could be great and changed
changed myself forever and I'm forever
grateful I'm I'm never going back
Wow did you have low self confidence I
