he was on my show a few times and he
made good brownies and introduced
mutinies it's new
oh my god yeah green ones but but so he
and he was very pleasant and an
intelligent yeah a man I thought I I had
no idea how old snoop was until I
started the show with him somebody's
brilliant idea in Hollywood that snoop
and Martha would get you know an
interesting audience on vh1 which we
have were just been renewed I think for
our third season but he's he was like 45
years old when I started the show with
him I I thought he was like 60 because
he's like it's like an old soul I know
very and he's very funny and he he
trusts me from the first time oh yeah we
oh I hit it off with all the rappers I
don't I like rap and and I and I also
like to I like to know about a lot of
things I'm a curious person so I have
learned a tremendous amount about
Compton growing up out there and we've
driven through Compton we thought I made
him take me to it you know to where he
was born and and and you get to learn a
lot it's a culture merge really the
whole show I feel like that's what you
are about though you're very curious and
I feel like whether you're cooking
gardening whatever yeah you're very
curious I want to I want to know a lot
and I never stopped reading I never
stopped investigating I never stopped
asking questions and and trying new
things and this is a new thing here's a
