go into kanye west's recent toward the
uses tour it was a big dramatic
theatrical show he did something very
strange at the end of his show where he
ranted for like 20 minutes it was kind
of a rant kind of a song he had an
auto-tune on his voice and there was an
instrumental in the background like this
instrumental
talk about his problems race power his
$90.00 t-shirts weren't selling very
well that was most of it and I watched
this I thought maybe I could do this
I'll be honest my problems known as high
stakes as Kanye's but I have problems
and maybe I'm proud of New York would be
nice enough to indulge me so as we get
to the end of a night of theater and
comedy and sweaters coming on and off I
got one question for you and that
question is can I see my shirt New York
cannot say my shirt
and lots of shit to see I got lots of
shit to see I can't fit my hand inside a
Pringle can I have a huge amount of
trouble fitting my hand inside of a
Pringle can I can get my hand like four
inches in in the can but then I have to
tilt the can into my mouth but by that
point a bunch of crumbs have accumulated
at the bottom of the can so they all go
through it all what I'm trying to say is
the diameter Pringle Kansas way too
small a seat again the diameter of
Pringle pans is way too small two
radiuses of a Pringle can there's way
too small if you feel me put your hands
up come on
if you feel me put your hands up
and cutter way too big a bit inside I'm
playing over there your hands to make
the pigeon sign up wrinkled cast your
hands and you'll be committing certain
pretty good you think you can I know you
can you think you can Pringle listen to
the people I'm short a 90% of the
complaint letters you get her about the
width of your cans just make them wider
I've overdone the Pringles name sorry I
want to have a daughter
wanna have a daughter so I can finally
have someone around the house who can
fit their hands in a prinkle can yes I'm
still on the wrinkled hands thing yeah
I'll move on alright but that is
priority no row I don't go to the gym
cuz I'm so conscious about my body but
I'm self-conscious about my body
cuz that don't go to the gym irony can
be so
that's a catch-22
let's do this appendage Chipotle when a
Chipotle got myself a chicken burrito
[Music]
I've got like all these ingredients and
then at the end of the line the guy
tried to wrap the burrito but half of
the shit inside the burrito spilled out
he still wrapped it I was like dude you
should have warned me
you're a burrito expert you should have
told me halfway through me man you might
be reaching maximum burrito capacity
here do you think I wanna miss a burrito
no one wants a person from Reno the
whole appeal of a burrito is that all of
the ingredients are contained within the
confines of the tortilla
I wouldn't gotten half this shit if I
knew it's gonna fit in the burrito
all right look I wouldn't have got the
medicine when I got the cheese above
water when I got the peppers in there
would I wouldn't okay with small
mistakes if you got no more chicken I'll
take pork but I blow my dad before I eat
a burrito with before
[Music]
[Music]
I think it's tough I think it's trouble
that we break it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
I can sit here and pretend like my
biggest problems are Pringle cans and
burritos the truth is my biggest
problems you I want to please you but I
want to stay true to myself I want to
give you the night out that you deserve
but I want to say what I think and not
care what you think about it a part of
me loves you
part of me hates you part of me me part
of me fears true I don't think that I
can handle this right now handle this
right now I don't think that I can hang
I don't think I can handle this come and
watch the skinny kid with a steadily
declining mental health and laugh as he
attempts to give you what it cannot give
himself
[Music]
but they
but they don't mean that normal
no I'm not a doctor I'm a pussy I put on
a silly show I should probably just shut
up into my job so here I go
when they get the tease about our waters
[Music]
you can't tell them anything if you just
make it funny make it rhyme if they
still don't understand you then you will
run it one more time
[Applause]
[Music]
handle their side
thank you good night I hope you're happy
[Applause]
