blacks and whites being one race that
we're one we're with a human race do you
feel that I'm feeling do do you feel
that I'm being free and I'm thinking
free
I actually actually don't think you're
thinking anything I think what you're
doing right now is actually the absence
of thought and the reason why I feel
like that is because Kanye you're
entitled to your opinion you're entitled
to believe whatever you want
but there is fact and real world real
life consequence behind everything that
you just said while you are making music
and being an artist and living the life
that you've earned by being a genius the
rest of us in society have to deal with
these threats to our lives we have to
deal with the marginalization has come
from the 400 years of slavery that you
said but our people was a choice frankly
I'm disappointed I'm appalled and
brother I am unbelievably hurt by the
fact that you have morphed into
something to me that's not real bro you
got to be responsible man bro I'm sorry
