happen and we managed to make it work in
San Francisco so that's the long story
of how I got here another short story of
one thing I discovered along the way is
that several speakers I've ever talked
about happiness and I've discovered
along the way that happiness you have
you live in two worlds here happiness is
pleasure and happiness is joy you know
can be either one you add them up in
exotic falls under the uber category of
happiness pleasure is short-lived
lasts an hour last a minute lasts a
month
and it Peaks and then goes down it Peaks
very high but the next time you want to
get that same peak you have to do it
twice as much it's like drugs you know
just you have to keep doing it because
it insulates itself no matter what it is
whether you're shopping whether you're
you know engaged in any other kind of
pleasure that all has the same quality
about it on the other hand is joy and
joy is the thing that doesn't go as high
as pleasure in terms of your emotional
reaction but it stays with you joy is
something you can recall pleasure you
can't so the secret is that even though
it's not as intense as the pleasure the
joy will last you a lot longer and
people who get the pleasure they keep
saying well if I can just get richer and
get more cars you know I'll never you'll
never relive the moment you got your
first car
that's it that's the highest peak yes
you can get three Ferraris and a new
Gulfstream jet and maybe you'll get
close but you have to keep going and
eventually you run out I mean you just
can't do it doesn't work so if you're
trying to sustain that level of peak
pleasure you're doomed it's a very
American idea but it just can't happen
you just let it go
peak great pleasure it's fun it's great
but you can't keep it going forever just
accept the fact that it's here and it's
gone and maybe again it'll come back I
never get to do it again joy lasts
forever
pleasure is purely self-centered it's
all about your pleasure it's about you
it's about it's a selfish self-centered
emotion that's created by a
self-centered motive of greed joy is
compassion joy is giving yourself to
somebody else or something else and it's
a kind of thing that is in its subtlety
and lowness much more powerful than
pleasure you get hung up on pleasure
you're doomed if you pursue joy you will
find everlasting happiness so with that
I'm gone
bye-bye thank you
