sent in and I think we'll start with
Kelly from Birmingham Alabama what is
your worst pet peeve people do during
their audition a hundred percent my
worst pet peeve is when they just copy
the original it drives me nuts nowadays
we've got everyone turning up singing
Adele songs trying to sound like Adele
don't change the arrangement copy
identically it drives me crazy I like
people to go online find an interesting
twist on a song and do something I've
never heard before that's my worst pet
peeve on here from Paula from Los
Angeles do you have any tips for people
who plan on auditioning what like I just
said I would say stand out from the
crowd study the charts where is there a
gap in the market right now for you do
is there already one of you if there is
don't bother work out like we have to do
running a record label what isn't out
there and be original originality is key
I have a feeling if Lady Gaga had walked
in to us on American Idol three years
ago she would have got a note now she
gets yes because I've learned my lesson
in those days we didn't like people who
were a bit wacky but now I love them
Melanie from Houston did you help one
direction with their new album
well one direction were originally five
solo artists who turned up on X Factor
they didn't get through the middle
rounds I made a decision there and then
we would put them into a group it took
me about 15 minutes to work it all out
luckily it worked and then regarding
their album
I work with them closely on it but we
have an A&R team who work for Sony Music
and psycho my record label they had lot
of ideas what they liked what they
didn't like but it was a team effort
and that's why it works so well Joe from
bristol PA do you pay attention to what
people who are auditioning are wearing
yes in a good way and a bad way I tell
you a good example of somebody who got
it right was Chris Rene because Chris
Rene came in not in what I would call an
audition outfit he just turned up in
something he would normally wear and
actually what he would probably wear in
his first video he had good taste you
could see that and that's a good example
of somebody getting it right what I
don't like is when we get these 13 14
year-olds coming in and their mums and
dads have decided what they're gonna
wear I mean that is a big big no-no so
that's what I do pay attention sometimes
it's good just to do something really
insane to stand out because there are
thousands of people who turn up for
auditions or just wear a bikini that
always gets you through or underwear if
you girl and over the age of 18 as you
know over the age of 25 actually think
of the weather set from bluefield WV how
often did the judges disagree doing that
auditions a lot the reason I bought la
reading to be my kind of rock I called
him on this show is that la is the most
competitive record executive I've ever
met in my life he's also one of the best
record executives that ever met in my
life
and because we like and respect each
other we it's comfortable to agree in
fact I like him more because he does
disagree with me then somebody's just
gonna sit there nodding the whole time
it's bores me if I don't like that what
people full-stop what is the most this
is from Jim from salamis California what
is the most stressful aspect of the
auditions for you
personally nothing stressful it's just
mind numbingly boring I can normally
