because when you evoke a visceral
reaction from somebody that's memorable
I wrote the video myself it took me
about a month to write picking it up
putting it back down re-examining it and
then I worked with Rukia who was my
friend from improv she was also director
Alejandra what were you doing last month
Natalie thing what are you doing now
waking then we just we shot at noon one
day I'm no Vanderbilt this train makes a
that first launch video was our first
advertisement in effect it was the
building blocks of what ultimately
became our advertising strategy people
ask me like when you get to do video
number two our tone of voice and our
style executives now I have played with
the time it's always the funniest person
in any situation with very few
exceptions he just fires non-stop so you
know not everything's a home run but
he's really funny all the time you know
leaving very george orwell I would
actually describe them a little
the first thing you see in the
commercials I feel like indefinitely the
person that I interact with on a
day-to-day basis a lot of people asked
me one was like a like in board meetings
was he funny did he stand up and help
jokes all day long and the answer was
like an unequivocal no like he's a
serious minded person he happens to be
really funny on camera and I could give
the great sense of humor obviously in
his writing but in the boardroom and at
work he's serious I think one of the
