really instilled that the whole idea
that work and play are both important I
don't think anybody would have called me
a great student per se if things
interested him he was a fabulous student
if it was a subject that didn't interest
him at all he was probably a terrible
student
I think that I was probably one of those
kids that suffered from a Dede but went
undiagnosed he started out high school
in the local public high school and it
wasn't the first time that reports were
sent home that he was the class clown
that he's never going to amount to
anything was one of it was one of the
conferences that we went to and there
was something when I moved from public
school to private school that had a
major impact on my development and the
rigor of the environment of private
school for the four years that I went
was really helpful to me rajat tell us
if Barack Obama can't win
what happens when you bring together two
very talented competitive professionals
right after I graduated college in 2001
I can't remember the exact date but
sometime between 2001 and 2002 I started
studying at Upright Citizens Brigade at
night studying improv comedy and and
sketch comedy shortly thereafter
characters I've always been a passionate
student of comedy and writing and I
still am today I think there's a lot
about studying improv that can help you
in business absolutely just the ability
to tease out of thin air the most
important ideas and the most resonant
ideas in any setting is something that
you hone in improv and you don't have a
lot of time to do it the page program at
NBC is really special because they take
kids right out of college that are
really excited about median
entertainment and put them to work at
the front lines of the business it was
just such a special job I think after
this job as CEO of Dollar Shave Club my
paid ship was probably my second
favorite job my most favorite job I've
known Mike for seven or eight years now
he was living in New York and then he
had some friends out here and ultimately
decided that he wanted to move to Los
Angeles I think one of the biggest risks
that I've taken was making the move to
Los Angeles to begin a new life out here
I didn't really have a deep professional
network I had a few friends from high
school and college that were out here
already but for the most part my network
was on the East Coast so it was a major
chance a major risk for me when I first
met him he was the exact same guy just
with a lot less money
I started Dollar Shave Club in 2011 my
basement had the corner of what I call
the failed business corner
and we have a number of things that we
have bought and he made me invest in
that he thought would be very successful
businesses which obviously they weren't
the one I think that he probably had a
number of relatively harebrained ideas
that he was talking to me about you know
in the same era there were a hell of a
lot more people that told him that this
is a foolish idea that he should quit
that he shouldn't waste his time or
money he has no expertise in the Razr
business which is you know at the
beginning was absolutely true but he
really trusted his instincts the
signature of frustration I think with
razors is the price I think the the next
most frustrating thing is the experience
of buying them in the store where
they're locked behind the razor fortress
where you have to find the person with
the key they're always doing something
else and then you have to get in line
and wait what do you need to get in the
case so back so I can buy some razors
[Music]
selling razors online direct to the
consumer eliminates those two or three
major frustrations so for me there was
never any other way to do it I met my
friend's wife's father at a cocktail
party who certain typically happened to
have some extra razors from an old deal
that never got done in his warehouse so
then he and I said about the business of
launching the beta version of Dollar
Shave Club just the fact that we are DSC
was a risk there wasn't any company out
there like us and he definitely took the
lead for us to get where we are today he
decided to go up again in creating this
men's grooming brand one of the largest
and most dominant consumer packaged
goods companies ever Gillette owned by
Procter and Gamble legendary incredible
company that knows how to build and
maintain brands and Michael fearless Lee
said I can challenge them not only that
he had ambitions to be incredibly
successful in becoming perhaps just as
big and even more dominant than they are
I think what DSC did very early that was
its original launch video that went
viral and was a major you know
put us on the map moment are the blades
any good
no our blades are great we're really
good at telling the story of why we
exist and why the customer should take a
chance on us
each razor has stainless steel blades
and aloe vera lubricating strip and a
pivot head it's so gentle a toddler
could use it we told our story very
straightforward to the customer but what
you got out of that the implication in
the way that we did that in the forms
that we chose to pellet in which was
mutant on the website and not on
television or on radio okay launch or in
the store at retail was that we're a
company that you can trust and trust is
everything when it comes to you know
building a brand I found out about
Dollar Shave Club the same waiter who
else did I saw the video on the day it
was released I just like scrolling
through my Twitter's it was every time
do you think your razor needs a
vibrating handle a flashlight a back
scratcher and 10 blade and it kind of
broke Internet right I mean like
everyone is talking about this video it
does tell you the power of the Internet
and the power of connecting with the
consumer
he got 12,000 subscribers in the first
day he was online and now he has had
over 10 million hits he's also now with
new products and I thought that that
video was irreverent and when I saw that
it said your SMS grandfather had one
blade and polio
looking good pop up you know it was like
oh my god
you know what's going to happen with
this so what did I know this whole
philosophy behind it was I'm going to
load up this really funny video that I
spent almost all of my money on and it's
going to go viral and I said okay like
how do you make something go viral he's
like trust me the impact was felt pretty
