about our children hearing it when we
turn on the TV and it make matters worse
it now seems very clear that this isn't
an isolated incident so one of countless
example of how he has treated women his
whole life and I have to tell you that I
listened to all of this and I feel it so
personally and I'm sure that many of you
do too particularly the women the
shameful comments about our bodies the
disrespect of our ambitions
intellect the belief that you can do
anything you want to a woman it is cruel
it's it's frightening and the truth is
it hurts it hurts it's like that sick
sinking feeling you get when you're
walking down the street minding your own
business and some guy yells out vulgar
words about your body or when you you
see that guy at work that stands just a
little too close stares a little too
long it makes you feel uncomfortable in
your own skin it's that feeling of
Terror and violation that too many women
have felt when someone has grabbed them
or forced himself on them and they've
said no but he didn't listen something
that we know happens on college campuses
and countless other places every single
day it reminds us of stories we've heard
from our mothers and grandmothers about
how back in their day the boss could say
and do whatever he pleased to the women
in the office and even though they
worked so hard
jumped over every hurdle to prove
themselves it was never enough we
thought all of that was ancient history
didn't we and so many have worked for so
many years to end this kind of violence
and abuse and disrespect but here we are
in 2016 and we're hearing these exact
same things every day on the campaign
trail we are drowning in it and all of
us are doing what women have always done
we're trying to keep our heads above
water just trying to get through it
trying to pretend like this doesn't
really bother us maybe because we think
that admitting how much it hurts makes
us as women look weak maybe we're afraid
to be that vulnerable maybe we've grown
accustom to swallowing these emotions
and staying quiet because we've seen
