well so how do we train confidence in
human beings or well first before you
race in the ego before you train
awareness needs to rise you know without
without awareness that is no
possibilities right and then through
that awareness and the human takes
responsibility then once the human take
responsibility then you enter into
surrender that's when you can teach hmm
you can teach your mind the thing knows
everything okay so so fight flight
avoidance surrender you can only teach
the mind the surrender the mind the
fights flight and avoid you can't well
yeah you can so what's the surrender
they're aware once you surrender what
happens as you open up that means you're
willing to follow follow what direction
what direction yoga meditation math
whatever you want whatever you want
because now you open your mind to absorb
information once you absorb it then you
have to feel it once you feel it you're
clear then you execute feeling and
thought you can do things without the
feeling it's not gonna look good yeah
dense there is a perfect example right
they have to feel the music before they
execute the act mmm yeah singers you
know when a singer is nervous they can
sing they can think they're singing but
you know when it feels good yeah it's a
feeling yeah it's an art use pumps right
now can I gives you goosebumps when you
feel it when you say your neck so it
connects you to it you know it touches
something deeply inside of you you know
the soul the heart the bat the body and
then the mind the - the flesh is the
last thing yeah
you're in the mind is a second thing but
really the deep side of you is this is
the is the soul the spirit in the heart
with passion lives that is really what
we have to always connect yeah and
everything else is you know secondary
