to be in the middle of the pack of the
front of the pack yeah you know so I
think it's a blessing for for us to to
master having no money and having all
the possibilities you can think of
because you become a dreamer mmm I'm a
dreamer it's when you have everything
the dreams you know you stop dreaming
yeah and that that the whole essence of
life goes away you don't get to taste
you don't get to be there for others you
know so it's you go back into a very
instinctual self water food shelter you
know in helping the family and that is
debate the basics of life if you think
about it so we get to by having this
low-income exposure we get to maintain
our instincts in our love for the family
mmm and what was the dream for you then
but the dream for me has always been to
make sure that uh that I I support my
parents at one point you know that's
definitely the focus I I'd never thought
about me
first it was always about the pack first
and so I needed to find out something
that I really loved and I wanted to do
something that I truly loved I didn't
want to work in a place that I hate you
know and then I value energy so much
that I wanted to be very effective not
just by being a good worker but also
providing the right energy for the rest
of the team yeah
