loving relationship because in order for
you to have a loving relationship you
have to take in consideration the other
person's needs and wants when you're
selfish is all about you
so unconsciously my clients I live in a
very selfish way of being so they focus
on fulfilling their needs first and
foremost unconsciously unconsciously you
know because they say well I want my dog
to be my baby I want my dog to be my
accessory I want a dog to be my
companion I wanted it iiiiii right it
says what can I do which a dog always
always counts with that disposition how
can I help you right a dog is always
there for the pack and human is actually
more for self nowadays yes so the human
is actually acting more like a cat than
a dog yeah even though humankind loves
dogs more than cats
I do love cats though no no what I'm
saying is there's more people they
actually add more dog people they cat
people and cat people don't really hang
around right there's no social explosion
exploration or cat cafes you can bring a
cat you know so the cat behavior is stay
is a very self you know it's a way from
right but the cat is is programmed that
way I'm not saying is there anything
wrong with the cat I'm saying the cat is
programmed that way that's why it's
easier to to live with a cat because
there's more independent right right
that's the word they're always used with
the cat is this the cat doesn't really
have done in innate necessity
to be with someone versus a horse a goat
a pig a chicken an elephant a dog that
that's human the species requires
another
something to be with and if you don't
