know those dogs had never been touched
there so I was able to convince them to
stay relaxed really yeah how did you
convince him was they realize rub with
cows I grew up with chickens I grow with
donkeys I would ride with goats so I
convinced bigger species so to me and
thought was piece of cake
Wow yeah so you're gonna convince a cow
and the Clarkes to relax you have to
convince acharya to relax but you start
you start well we're not in a rush
number one in the farm you know I mean
we're tired yeah so you develop this you
know very much take your time start out
a distance move in when the cow tells
you to move in and slowly massage can go
through they let them know you know
visualize what you want and the cows are
trusting you so well we develop a stress
in a vet's office they don't have time
to develop trust they have time to if
appointments
a lecture you never mean which is
totally a foreign world for animals you
know they don't know your hometown that
we have 15 minutes and it'll hold and I
don't even know you
so it's a very rush environment the city
creates a very rush environment which is
very detrimental for animals because
animals love to you know stop and smell
the roses so how do you create trust
with an animal in a moment if you only
have a little bit of time if you're not
at the farm well depends how how about
the animal feels you know because when
the dog is everything inside my
intensity is 0 5 10 so if a dog is at a
level 10 of fear you'd need the livery
more than 15 minutes you know right and
the owners have to understand how how
big of a role they play before they
bring a dog to the vet and a lot of
times people don't bring the dog to the
vet just to visit the bed they just
bring it because it's a in an emergency
see to see - so you have to make sure
that you bring the dog to the vet so the
dog associates the vet with a happy
place or or place with you or it's me
yes where they don't have a little treat
hang out is afraid of the place you know
so the dog is going to anticipate your
I'm afraid nobody really pays attention
to that and they still touch me no yeah
so if the owner actually understand that
by bringing the dog and make this
positive association the dog will learn
to relax and nobody takes the time you
know nobody takes the time unless it's
for themselves yeah Wow yeah okay so
