be at service to the family here and
make sure that I helped mom my mom and
who was the most influential person for
you growing up I think I think it very
is because my mom was the the big
support system you know the person who
believed on me so the spiritual aspect
was my mom and then the love of animals
was my father and their respect of
nature was my grandfather so I had the
instinctual world the emotional were on
the spiritual world what I was I didn't
have available as the intellectual world
that's something that you gain in school
by books right but I have the three most
important to draw the heart I have this
all in the heart and the instincts
survival right so you have to believe in
yourself you have to love yourself and
you have to have instincts right so if
you have those three you can you can
survive in the streets which at the end
of the day I started a business in the
streets literally alright LA probably
what's the south-central phasing around
yeah and what was the spiritual lesson
that she talked to your mom the most
that was like the most resonated well
you know that's a good Mexican mom is
believe in God is a must it's not a
like you know let's do research about it
you don't question that and so it's very
important because you do have to believe
in and humanity you have me believe in
God you have to believe in yourself and
so that's the spirituality behind that
you are good enough you know I mean you
don't require more things you don't have
you need to have a certain clothes to to
feel confident about things you can't
just believe and that energy is
something that is very contagious you
