when I became a father you know I didn't
know how to raise it but they do they
knew I knew how to raise dogs
I just didn't never raised humans yeah I
mean so when I got the wars I didn't I
didn't know how to take an information
that I wasn't I wasn't aware of mmm you
know when when the kids separated from
me in the moment of the divorce I didn't
know how to take that either so there's
so many uncertainty moments in my life
that you really need some some wise
person or in this case for me a dog you
know wanted to commit suicide
how do I take that why I feel like a
failure why I want to take away myself
away from this earth why why is that all
those feelings and who was there every
single time a dog for this depends you
know depends what have I learned is
depends when what a stage of my life you
get me well you know the good news is
I'm I always have a dog near me thanks
I mean I went to the White House because
a dog I met over because a dog I'm here
because it's a dog you know I raised my
kids my kids have a TV show because a
dog my parents and make it go out fine
because a dog mmm so I'm the first human
they most everything to a dog well I'll
talk about the we were in a few minutes
but let's talk about the lesson that you
learned going through a divorce what was
the biggest lesson about dogs you
learned down to accept you know accept
things that you are not in control of
mmm the acceptance part you know it was
and to really go through that it's
almost like you're gonna roller coaster
at least for me it felt like I was going
down really yes well your career was
going up up up right yeah my career my
career which personal relationship was
my personal relationship was going down
and my career was going up you know so I
got to be disconnected at once and so
not to be in tune or aware of when des
was happening and you know that's and I
