was very complex because there was a
morality that was very current and it
was so politicized every action of being
involved with it was a political
statement as much as you know he thought
I was sort of working under the auspices
of the DreamWorks / the State Department
I you know as a hard gun I really
I can tested that in quite a quite a
fully email to him but um you know I
feel strongly as an actor that you
should allow - you should be allowed to
try and dance with these very complex
subject matters and it's tricky because
most of the real people I played as
pretty extraordinary characters whether
it's van Gogh whether it's Stephen
Hawking whether it's um Julian Alan
Turing recently and you know I can you
know what we'll all we do is is is is
the most light vague interpretation or
impression of these people and their
true depths and brilliance and you know
the cinematic art form in itself is
something that condenses years worth of
experience and moments that stretch out
into boring infinity into a Eureka
moment or a you know a moment of high
drama everything about it is is riddled
with complexity because especially when
it's a writ of real life you think we'll
goddammit I know from my research and I
know from talking to this person all
from my reading that it didn't happen
like this and it raises a big question
it makes you go well why the hell are we
doing anything about real people but yet
we need some access I think some
narrative access to understanding these
extraordinary people in these
extraordinary times so I always look at
it and like this is I notice a massive
get out but I do always look at look at
it as a fictionalized truth and I think
most canny audiences know that they're
going to go to something which has as
rich and complex a subject matter as
well yeah the mathematics of cheering a
code-breaking or you know astrophysics
and and everything that Stephens amazing
at and and Julian and computer hacking
programming slash WikiLeaks and
everything that he did you you you
expect people to come to it with a
certain degree of cynicism about well
this is a film of this and if I really
want to find out about it it's a
conversation starter it's not a fixed
point to judge everyone by so there's
that there's that as that engagement and
then there is obviously the thing that
these people do still exist and often
not all of them but obviously but not
van Gogh but you know there is a there
is an audience that already understands
these people through a medium whether
it's biographies or articles or or
documentary so
how do you bring about something that is
both new and invigorating and different
but at the same time has an echo
something that has to be a reflection of
these people so that that balance
between interpretation impersonation is
kind of vital and you're having a really
good - hair and makeup team that's
always helpful a good script is also
helpful good director is ultimately the
most helpful thing you could ever have
and I've been very blessed on that front
