biggest fear was being alone yeah oh
yeah because that's what that's what
teams and groups deliver mm-hmm they
deliver this thing that you're not alone
yeah the problem is there's just I was
so shocked to learn in the research that
the opposite of belonging is fitting in
because fitting in is assessing a group
of people and thinking who do I need to
be what do I need to say where I need to
where how do I need to act and changing
who you are and true belonging never
asks us to change who we are it demands
that we be who we are because if we are
we both if we fit in because how we've
changed ourselves
that's not belonging
that's not belonging because you
betrayed yourself for other people
mm-hmm and that's not sustainable yeah
you start to lose yourself you start to
lose yourself exactly what you said and
so I think it's hard you have to show up
as who you are how do we find out who we
are that's the life's work right that's
freaking hard you know who you are uh
