15 years and fear
like that's what it looks like yeah what
do you think there is any visuals margin
like this our most shameful of in their
own life
why there so I would never mention to
guess I don't know but I do think it's
about powerlessness they feel powerless
yeah and I think that people go oh my
god okay so the white you know the white
guy and the khakis and the you know
fancy polo shirt Phil's powerless and
you know cry me a river right I think we
don't we don't give a shit about that at
our own peril not caring about it and
not trying to understand it I'm not
taking it on my load for sure I'm not
gonna add it to my back I got other
stuff to do but I am gonna try to
understand it because I can't imagine a
way through what needs to happen over
the next decade that does not involve
understanding pain
there's just incredible james baldwin
quote that says now I understand why
people hold on to their hate so
stubbornly because once they let it go
there's nothing but pain and I think we
we dismiss and don't care about that
pain at our own peril because pain will
make itself known it will not be
dismissed it's not an effect or an
emotion that dissipates when it's
