ask one question to flip the whole thing
it's this vulnerability is defined as
uncertainty risk and emotional exposure
can you name one act of courage that
you've ever been involved in or that
you've ever even witnessed that did not
involve uncertainty risk and emotional
exposure and it's a loaded question cuz
I know the answer's no because I've
asked it thousands and thousands I've
stood in front of Navy SEALs and Special
Forces military personnel and said give
me an exam I want you to try hard to
give me an example of courage that
didn't require vulnerability and in ten
years I've never had a single person be
able to come up I've even had two guys
come up to me who were in the military
that said we're gonna think about it and
get with you oh my god I said do it I
would love it give me an example of
courage even on the field mmm that
doesn't involve vulnerability like if
you if it if you think you're being
brave and it doesn't involve risk or
uncertainty you're not being that brave
mm-hmm yeah if you know that's gonna
turn out it's not courage mm-hmm and so
in that moment people go shut but I want
to be brave and I don't want to be
vulnerable and I'm like therein lies the
great dilemma of our day right yeah no
one wants to be uncomfortable mm-hmm no
one wants to be vulnerable and everyone
wants to be brave and it just doesn't
work like that right and anytime we try
