the cost is high but the reward is great
and I think I think that's the thing
that I feel like I belong everywhere I
go no no matter where it is or who I'm
with as long as I never betray myself
and the minute I become who you want me
to be in order to fit in and make sure
people like me is the moment I no longer
belong anywhere mmm and that is hard
yeah I mean that's a hard practice
that's everyday practice Wow yeah cuz I
can I can be whoever you want me to be
like that chameleon you said oh I can be
totally like a chameleon like sometimes
it's really funny because like I always
because I travel so much I have all
these miles I always sit in business
class and I'm normally the only woman in
business class and every now and then
there's one other maybe which is
station we should be having to sure but
it doesn't matter what dude sits next to
me like I can talk about whatever that
person like and it's so funny because
we'll talk about sports usually first
our football or we'll talk about
politics and he'll say what do you do
nothing study vulnerability and shame oh
well huh well I'm gonna play some Angry
Birds you know and right that moment
like I could just it's not that I know
everything about everything it's just so
you're saying most men don't want to
chime in and learn more about that's
usually if I want to go to sleep in like
researcher okay but I think I can be
anything like yeah you're doubtful I'm
adaptable and adaptable is great okay
because anyone that comes to my home or
here to work I can make you feel
comfortable of course but then if I get
so adaptable that my goal my intention
of adapting is to make sure you like me
then that's when I betrayed myself yeah
