really dive in with you on this because
you have experience in this I'm first
curious about your emotional experience
and being in the military did you feel
like you're able to express yourself
emotionally in any way or do you feel
like you have to hold back
whether it's put you know not in combat
but just in general or do you feel like
you weren't allowed to do express
certain things how you were feeling or
fears or cry or was there any thing that
you felt you had to hold back on well
yes certainly there was is is overt
displays are overt displays of emotion
applauded in the military no they're not
are they there yeah they are sure they
are we're human beings and we have an
emotional side and those emotions are
going to come out in certain instances
do you have to be guarded about it yeah
you do and I think the more you get into
a confined situation like the military
the harder it becomes because you you
those emotions are in there and they're
boiling and they want to eat you yeah
you can be it can be anger it can be
sorrow it can be any of the gamut of
human emotions but you've got to you've
got to express them guardedly you can't
be coming by that well you can't become
a blubbering mess on the on the ground
everyday you know lay there and kick
your feet and say I'm unhappy you know
that's not going to work and it
shouldn't work that's unmanly right and
