anyway I was able to complete the degree
that's good okay was the goal always to
be captain or was it something no I
didn't know what the goal was I the goal
was to be able to lead more people that
that was always my thrill Wow why did
you want to do that I guess it is seeing
and influencing other people's behavior
and performance that was that was a
treat for me raising other people's
children essentially is what I was doing
right and I loved it I mean you could
see young men and women in the marine
corps in in my units grasping and trying
and trying to succeed and try to get
ahead and they had all the typical
problems that young people do and I
liked being papa bear
I liked being the guy they came to and
said you know sir I got this problem and
what do I do about it and sometimes I
didn't know sure but I appreciated that
they would come to me and I would try to
work out something to help them get
along and help them advance and right
and I was that was a great thrill for me
and I enjoyed it and so every you have
