stake and you realize that do you ever
get used to it probably not
but I think you you learn to manage the
fear I think you learn to deal with it
and pay attention to other things I've
always thought that one of the great
things about being a leader especially
in combat was that you tended to forget
about yourself which i think is magic I
wish more people could do it I mean
we're way too self-centered nowadays and
it's not about you a lot of times it's
about the mission it's about what we've
got to do it's about the other people
that you're responsible for and in my
case when I was in bad straits when I
was in dire straits that always helped
me to get over the fear that I had you
know I don't have time to be afraid for
myself right now be afraid for this guy
and this guy and this guy got to be
afraid that we won't get the mission
done and that's everything but when it's
