that you must perform in that role your
life will be rewarding and don't let
anything pull you off that track okay
because there are people out there who
will try to do that all you've got to do
is look around at our society the roles
of men and women they're confused right
now and I think that leads to a certain
chaos in our society those natural roles
that that go back into the deep dark
mysteries of time when you know aaaghh
had to crawl out of the cave and go kill
the woolly mammoth to feed little mrs.
OGG and and all the little logs who were
it back in the cave back there those
rules
are okay that's all right and you have
that role you are the guy who goes out
and kills the wooly mammoth what if that
role doesn't uh that doesn't resonate
with someone what if there's a you know
a young man growing up was like that
doesn't feel right to me all right I
don't feel like that's who I am I would
say you're doing way too damn much
feeling okay okay and not enough
