them to express that in that in the
military setting well you you have to
call on an inner strength Lewis mm you
have to say I'm destroyed here I'm
terribly sad something has happened that
is just ripping the hell out of my
emotions but is it productive at this
point for me to just sit here with my
give up face in my hands and cry or is
it more productive and is it a better
mark of character if I'm able to deal
with this if I'm able to keep my
emotions in check now in check doesn't
matter at all that's right
manageable you not expressing yourself
you've got a hold on yes you know you're
not gonna go throw yourself off a
balcony I mean it's still expressing
them in some way but not letting fully
go gotcha and I think human beings
recognize that I mean we all have these
emotions and they can they will
recognize that you're dealing with them
and that you're holding them and they'll
have empathy mmm I think I think there's
a lot more empathy than we give people
credit for really I mean I can tell if
you're angry if you're sad and I'll know
what not to say I won't go in there and
dig around and push that button yeah
because I know what you're dealing with
and I respect you for dealing with it in
a proper manner in dealing with it
internally and so how do you have
