what you're going through I'm here too
let's do it what was it like for you
transitioning out were you able to do
you feel like you're able to open up
your emotions mortgagor kind of keep the
same managing managing process of
emotions from being in the military to
now out of it
III was so well trained that it was it
was difficult for me it's it's difficult
for me as an actor when when someone
says you know I need I need a big show
of emotion here I said well that's not
me I wouldn't do that and then but on
the other hand this guy's just hired me
to do that right so I have to find a way
to do it and it has to do a touching
baggage
we've all had horrible things that
happen to us in our life you know losing
a parent or losing a spouse or hell
losing your dog you know these things
are these things scar us emotionally and
and they're and they're painful so if if
I'm in that situation that's what I do I
take a minute and I go to that place
where that pain was and I try to
remember that and it if if you're lucky
it comes through your eyes and and
people will see at least they'll see
enough to become empathetic okay I know
what he's feeling and that's about all I
can do that's it huh yeah Wow what do
