a proper manner in dealing with it
internally and so how do you have
compassion for someone or how did you
and during those experiences would you
well there's a physical affection was
there just talking to her was there yeah
yeah many times yeah sometimes you just
reach over and touch it guy mmm and he
all it means is I'm here well and I
understand and I'm feeling what you're
feeling pal but we got to deal with this
right that's sometimes it's all it's
required sometimes it's a look you're
about to embark on something that's
dangerous or something that's that that
you fear or something that's making you
an see something that's making you
nervous and you look at another person
who just not
that's that empathy that human empathy
yeah I know what you're feeling I know
what you're going through I'm here too
let's do it what was it like for you
