say you're doing way too damn much
feeling okay okay and not enough
thinking okay look I'm not I'm not
saying that you have to you have to be
the guy who sharpens the stick and stabs
the wooly mammoth right there are other
things to do but you can't simply back
away from your role and mission in
society right what about mrs. person who
comes into your life mm-hmm what's that
relationship going to be is there is
there a structure for that relationship
well there should be especially if there
are children that come into it resent if
the roles are confusing then it's gotta
be hard to have structure yeah it is and
more challenges more Elam's the lack of
structure breeds chaos and if you wanna
if you want chaos have at it but your
life is not gonna be rewarding your life
is gonna be chaos the structure yeah it
