in San Bernardino have now come out in
support of the judge's order that Apple
helped the FBI unlock that iPhone one
family reportedly saying were angry and
confused as to why Apple is refusing to
do this what would you say to those
families tonight David they have our
deepest sympathy what they've been
through no one should have to go through
Apple has cooperated with the FBI fully
in this case they came to us and asked
us for all the information we had on
this phone and we gave everything that
we had we went further than that and
volunteered engineers to help them and
gave them numerous suggestions about how
they might learn more about this
particular case but this case is not
about my phone this case is about the
future what what is at stake here is can
the government compel Apple to write
software that we believe would make
hundreds of millions of customers
vulnerable around the world including
the US and also trample civil liberties
that are at the basic foundation of what
this country was made on and you have to
write that system in order to unlock
that phone yes yes this is so we have no
more information about this phone the
only way to get information at least
currently the only way we know would be
to write a piece of software that we
view as sort of the software equivalent
of cancer we think it's bad news to
write we would never write it we have
never written it and that is what is at
stake here
you're aware of the polling on this the
Pew poll this week that showed 51
percent of Americans say Apple should
unlock the phone the new Reuters poll
just today showing nearly half
understand where you're coming from but
this is clearly a country divided on
this what do you say to the folks who
say you should write that software you
should help unlock the phone well this
this is not about a poll this is about
the future and what I have seen is
people understand what is it stay
here an increasing number support us
we've have we have support from
politicians to the ones that grab me the
most I have gotten thousands of emails
since this occurred and the largest
single category people are from the
military these are men and women who
fight for our freedom and our liberty
and they want us to stand up and be
counted on this issue for them are you
reading those letters those emails every
day I'm reading every one of them they
are very heartfelt and very emotional
this is this is our country this country
is about life and liberty and the
pursuit of happiness it's about freedom
of expression and freedom of speech
these are core principles of America the
FBI though says it believes that syed
farook use that phone to communicate
with his wife is accomplice and i'm
curious do you struggle at all with the
possibility that there could be
information on that phone that could
reveal other plots other people who were
involved in planning the San Bernardino
attack David if we knew a way to get the
information on the phone that we haven't
already given if we knew a way to do
this that would not expose hundreds of
millions of other people to issues we
would obviously do it but again this is
not about one phone this is about the
future but the central question and I'm
