was a terrorists iPhone what would you
say David we have no sympathy for
terrorists that in my view they left
their rights back when they decided to
do awful things way in the planning
stage but this isn't about we're not
protecting their privacy we're
protecting the privacy of everyone else
we're protecting the public safety of
everyone else that is what this is about
if they left their rights at the door
why not break into their phone then
because of doing that exposes everyone
else that is the reason developing that
piece of software develops a piece of
software that is so powerful that has
the ability to unlock the capability
unlock other iPhones that is the issue
because your argument is that masterkey
can't then be thrown out you it's not
like a physical key a physical key you
could shred the software key and of
course with other parts of the
government asking for more and more
cases in more and more cases that
software would stay living and it would
be turning the crank and you can imagine
the target that would be on that that
that piece I'm not saying government
would abuse it I don't I don't agree
that going case-by-case is the right
approach but there's a lot of bad guys
in the world and you don't need to look
