is there an opportunity I think it's I
think the best things will happen when
people work together the best way to
know what was on this phone would have
been to have the cloud backup that is
the best way and unfortunately an error
was
and that is it possible have you been
surprised by how Swift the action has
been from the Justice Department given
your previous dialogue with this
administration yes I was surprised that
we weren't contacted and I bet I wasn't
contacted personally and told they were
doing this would it have changed the
outcome I don't know I I don't know but
I think if you and I are working
together for a long time and I've
decided to to file a lawsuit on you I
feel like I owe it to you to tell you in
advance you personally and that didn't
happen here and I'm disappointed with it
however it doesn't affect our
willingness and desire and desire to
cooperate fully to discuss the future
but we shouldn't be but I do want them
to withdraw this case because this case
is bad for America and how will you
answer the order this week we will
answer and say why we object and will we
will await the court's decision there is
reporting that writing computer code the
code that it would take to create this
system to get into that phone should be
protected under the First Amendment is
that part of the case that's up to the
lawyers honestly it's not at the primary
it's not my primary focus my primary
focus is as I've said before is on the
customers that would then be vulnerable
and the trampling on civil liberties
that is my focus
I'm curious Tim did you ever think that
you find yourself at the center of such
a crucial national debate no this is
this is not a position that we would
like to be in it is a very uncomfortable
position to oppose your government on
something doesn't feel good and to
oppose it on something where we are
advocating for civil liberties which
they are supposed to protect it is
incredibly ironic
but this is where we find ourselves and
for also for all of those people who
want to have a voice but they're afraid
we are standing up and we are standing
up for our customers because protecting
them we view is our job and and I hope
and I think I'm very optimistic I think
we will come together and I don't I
don't know what will happen but I think
we will come together and there will be
one one path forward the u.s. always
comes out of these things well and but
but I feel very good that the debate is
going on even when people disagree with
us it is good that the debate is
