the FBI they've chosen what they've done
and they've chosen to do this out in the
public for for whatever reasons that
they have what we think at this
given it is out in public is that we
need to stand tall and stand tall on
principle we our job is to protect our
customers and our customers have
incredibly detailed information on their
phones there's probably more information
about you on your phone than there is in
your house our smartphones are loaded
with our intimate conversations our
financial data our health records
they're also loaded with the location of
our kids in many cases and so it's not
just about privacy but it's also about
public safety
no one would want this kind of
information to be available no one no
one I don't believe would want a master
key build that would turn hundreds of
millions of locks even if that key were
in the possession of the person that you
trust the most that key can be stolen
that is what this is about so there's no
question you are concerned about a
slippery slope about a precedent that
would be set if you did this it David
it's clear that it would be a precedent
the New York law enforcement is already
talking about having a hundred and
seventy-five phones there other counties
across the United States are talking
about phones they have and so it is a
slippery slope I don't fear it it is one
if you didn't think this would set a
precedent if you if you didn't believe
this would be a slippery slope is this
something your engineers could do and
how quickly could they do it we've never
done it before so I don't know how long
it would take would I do it in a perfect
world where none of the implications
that I'm talking about exist yes we
would do it we would obviously do it but
we don't live in a perfect world if you
if you look at hacking many Americans
hundreds of millions of Americans last
year had their credit card stolen I mean
this is a it's a travesty but it's just
not that it's also the location of their
family members there's so much
information on a phone that goes beyond
economics and privacy it is also public
safety and so I know people like to
frame this argument is privacy versus
national security that is overly
simplistic and it is not true this is
also about public safety
the smartphone that you carry has more
information about you on it than
probably any other singular device or
any other singular place so this is
about protecting the safety of the
people who carry those iPhones that's
exactly right
and by the way if and it's probably just
not I phone because if the government
could order Apple to create such a piece
of software it could be ordered for
anyone else as well let me doesn't stop
