literally like that led to a classic
dropping of deez nutz Azrael is on you
here would you still fight him if Jon
Jones loses it's not about the belt it's
not about that it's about legacy and I'm
chasing all the big names in this game
every one of them I feel like when it's
all said and done they'll be like man
that guy is he that got Styles he really
he never ducked anyone mm-hmm he never
said no to any fight he chased everyone
down and smashed them he's the goat he's
the one he's the best and everything
he's ever done I can take away like that
mm-hmm
and then I'll add on to my own legacy
cuz I'm not just gonna finish that at
that's it I'm gonna come back down again
and defend my belt
and then I might relinquish the 205 no
if I feel like it even if he doesn't
have the belt like I said it's just
about the history but their heads is
about the the mantelpiece how it's gonna
look by the time everything's all said
and done you put here I mean the pelts
on the wall exactly skin them up line
them up like a nice rug on the fireplace
where do you come up with this stuff did
you just know I feel like a vessel
sometimes I started the game at level
two these boys are still loading like I
feel like a vessel sometimes I'm like
you ever played The Sims No yeah you
know that simulation game man yeah yeah
sometimes you have to wonder what kind
of a hologram we're living in so it's a
different version okay 2.0 I've you know
