I'm serious and I did it every day every
day every day
I stopped going out to dinner I stopped
going out dancing I stopped getting my
nails done stopped getting my hair done
in every two weeks when LA Unified paid
me I brought a check to my dream and I
wrote in the memo line funding my dream
and I would I would mail the check to
the bank Wells Fargo and I mailed a
check to myself every two weeks for
three and a half years my family thought
you know thought I was smoking on drugs
like Shane going out she nut she eating
beanies and weenies always see we think
she'll drugs but she's not getting any
smaller so maybe not and um and I went
to the bank after three and a half years
this is the story you talking about I
walked in the bank I said I'm just gonna
check and see where that account is cuz
I wouldn't open the who wouldn't open
the statements cuz my mother used to say
when I was growing up girl this money
burn in my pocket and I'm like oh I
think money hot and thank you thank you
so much and it goes away fast so I'm not
gonna open the statement because I don't
want to know how much money I have
because I have a healthy relationship to
money I didn't even know a relationship
with money so while I'm at
training's they just kept saying saves
I'm like okay imma save I didn't need
the money that I was writing checks for
because it was the money I use on my
nails in my hair and then every check I
wrote to myself I made a challenge with
myself that it had to be 5% more than
the next check Wow
in the previous check so I and I didn't
really know how to calculate the fiber
since I'm like oh I'll just add 30
dollars I'll just add 16 I really didn't
know anything about it then I went out
and got a second job and I started
working in the evenings less on my
business and more out on jobs so I can
write a bigger check so I learned how to
live on $31,000 that's all I was living
on $31,000 we can make it we got it
I sold my ultimate I had at the time I
bought an old export Explorer you know I
just I just I just skinny down I moved
out of my three-bedroom house I moved in
with the roommate she smoked even and I
was like okay I'm gonna put towels under
the base of the door y'all you got to be
inconvenienced
I put tiles on the base of doors all the
smoke coming to room with me and my son
we slept side-by-side in the same bed
one from a three bedroom you know
three-bathroom house two story to a
roommate you know because I was willing
to write a check to fund my dream and I
kept writing funding my dream funding my
dream funding my dream and I walked in
the West Fargo three and a half years
later and I I gave her my name and said
hi my name is Lisa Nichols and she's
like you defunded my dream lady like
yeah so all these tellers came running
around the manager came around cuz I
guess everybody had process to check her
to and they're like we all been
wondering like everybody wants to know
what's the dream you find it and I was
like I don't know that's gonna cost some
money I'm a dream and so I said I just
came to get my balance and just see
where it is cuz I haven't opened me the
statements they're like why so no I
haven't open any of the statements cuz
money burns my mama's pockets on my burn
my pocket so I don't want to spend it so
she wrote the balance down are they
write the balance down and she turned it
and passed it to him and I looked at it
and I said no ma'am my name is Lisa
Shantanu
since my social security number I don't
even want that money cuz y'all gonna
want it back and I want to get in
trouble so can you just give me my
account
you know cuz I didn't know anyone in my
family that had $5,000 in their account
ten thousand dollars in account so when
you write down that I have sixty-two
thousand five hundred dollars in my
account that's not mine and so they all
teared up like everybody start crying
they're like no it's yours I look down
at my son Jelani who was five years old
now and I said Jelani I think life is
gonna change for you a mommy my son said
mommy can't we finally go to McDonald's
because I've been making them homemade
