then you treat yourself and then I just
got to go here I got I got a pass I can
go here ladies we really do it men do it
as well but ladies were extroverted
doing it we dump on our men and put the
responsibility on you of our beauty of
our love of our self-worth and and and
then manage it differently you manage it
in possessions and in money and in bank
accounted and status that's where you go
for that traditionally there's always
exceptions to rules traditionally but as
women we emote and make you have to be
our self-esteem which is so incredibly
unfair we ask questions we don't want to
hear to answer to we ask questions that
you only have one answer you can give us
you really don't have freedom in that
answer there's one answer I need right
now to make me feel good and I just give
it to me that's so incredibly unfair and
we say we even have the old adage oh I
just in marriage I went a man to
complete me that's a big job you a lot
of woman to complete come on you know
where you come from in your issues
that's not the truth it's my job and I
love the dance between relationship
where there's woman woman man
and woman I love the dance between love
in relationship but it's not anyone's
job to complete you it's my job to
complete me
and then it's your opportunity to
compliment my completeness and so my job
