bank and I remember wrapping my son in
the towel for two days you know someone
said because when I tell the story I
always get teary eyed and someone said
do you fabricate the tears because
you've told the story so much
no I'm a mama every time I tell the
story I fill it again I remember the
second day like you said I have my sump
my hand on Jelani stomach and I said
don't worry baby
mommy will never be this broke or broken
again and that day what shifted for me
was I was willing and I don't know if
this is gonna sound crazy I was willing
to completely die to any form of me that
I had been so that I can birth the woman
that I was becoming the reason why a lot
of people won't become who they want is
because they're too attached to who
they've been and you hear it all the
time when people say I've always been
this way
okay well if that's working for you keep
doing that I knew it wasn't working for
me any longer I had hit my version of
rock bottom so I was willing to let go
of everything and everybody see another
reason why people won't get there is
because the doorway is for you to fit
through you're trying to carry everybody
else through because you're trying to be
rescue 9-1-1 and you got to rescue you
first I am much more valuable to my
family and to my community because I was
willing to let them go go through the
door myself teach myself learn myself
condition myself and then come back and
get them now much more valuable to them
now but I have to go through a window
time of 10 years of judgment you leaving
us hanging out with white people all the
time you go into these crazy countries
we don't know what you're I have to be
willing to to allow my conviction to
make me inconvenienced see we want to
grow but we want to stay liked by
everybody I was willing to be my own
rescue at the risk of your approval but
most of us aren't like that
Facebook is example we want to be liked
well I woke up and I liked myself today
so you'll like his extra
my job is to like me first I was willing
to say everyday Lisa you like you Lisa
are you proud of you
Lisa are you playing for loud everyday
before I checked in with anybody else
that's lonely by the way why won't most
people do it because it's scary and it's
lonely so what did I do
