recognizable why cuz I'm living that
life look at my look at Who I am I'm a
c' student from Dorsey high school I ran
track I got a D in - and speech and a
fail in English when my English
professor from high school was in Barnes
and Nobles and he turned over Chicken
Soup for the African
console' my first book and he saw my
face on the back he said he stood in
Barnes and Nobles and started crying
whoa he said he knew I was a good person
but he didn't know if I make it cuz I
wasn't talented in any particular area
that then track
I wasn't talented academic wise I didn't
it didn't fire all fast for me I learned
later that was because I was dyslexic
and I had all these other learning
styles it makes me more unique you know
but in school it didn't show up that way
and so I'm clear that I didn't get a
hook up and I'm clear because of that
this is available to everybody so I'm
