you want to create it's not keeping
score your brain is keeping score
because your brain is designed to keep
you safe
your soul your intuition your human
spirit is designed to make you sore and
when you get to the edge of that stage I
want to get out right now can I get up
right now whatever you want think I'm
gonna tell these stickers no
now when you get to the edge your brain
will always tell you to step back it's
always going to tell you to step back
because you can fall always it's going
to tell you step back because before you
fail the last time you did this you saw
someone else fail you could hurt you
could be off work it's going to tell you
it's designed to keep you safe so you
have to be willing to play between your
brain and your soul and on some days you
got to just listen to your soul and you
got to say I'm a leap I'm going to get
to the edge most people are at the edge
and you're sending at the edge and
you're watching everyone else fly
that's pip my ride watch my crib all
this stuff you know watching people's
lives on Facebook you're at the edge
watching someone else live wondering
what its gonna be like when you jump
without ever jumping now I'm just here
to tell you jump because only three
things can happen you're either gonna
jump and fly are you gonna jump and fall
on something soft are you gonna fall
down hard either way you're gonna get
back up you already know you got what it
takes to get back up you're not your
greatest fears not that you will fall
your greatest fears that you will live a
full life and never fly that you never
leaped you're not afraid of dying you're
afraid of dying before the world sees
who you really are before they really
get your fingerprint before they really
feel your breath before they really get
your contribution before they really
fill you that's what you don't want to
happen you don't want to leave this
place without us knowing you were here
all I'm doing is giving my dream a
chance and I'm not extraordinary you
don't get off the hook you don't get to
be let off the hook
I'm an ordinary woman who chooses every
day to make one more extraordinary
decision you're a grinder Yeah right
