played Doctor Strange now as well and
when you were coming into something like
this do you have it in the back your
mind am i emotionally ready for such
another iconic role and does that play
on your mind when you're pick it does
you just pick no no it does a bit but I
usually leave the heavy lifting to the
people who've asked me to do the job if
they've placed enough trust to me then I
go to them for advice about you know
what we're trying to do
and and then you know how I can fit in
with what I can contribute you know and
they've already calculated they've
already looked at what I've done before
and and they so it's just about trying
to fulfill the faith that people have
had in me because this is run by the
biggest fan boy Kevin is just
extraordinarily knowledgeable and the
way he shaped this universe over ten
years it's quite something so yeah a lot
of the heavy lifting is done by them as
it was with the Charlotte group you know
mark and Stephen a massive fan boy so
they knew more about it than I will ever
know so you do you trust that a little
