number ones well we know but we just
don't know what that's gonna mean to us
so again in Hollywood this is nothing
new women of color especially black
women have always been given low offers
mm-hmm I've always been disrespected but
what we've been told to be is be quiet
and wait for the next one mm-hmm so we
have to take a stand and say no we're
gonna talk loudly and we're gonna get it
on this one so when I walk into here son
mm-hmm and you don't even introduce
yourself so that's what we deal with in
a place called Hollywood because
oftentimes it's I sit behind this
position and I don't have to do that
mm-hmm that's why if you notice I had to
direct my conversation somewhere else to
your energy got right mm-hmm till you
then decided to say okay now let me
introduce myself because I can't talk to
someone that just says you ready let's
go that's why I have to say we got to
learn how to well yes but you also were
in my contact with me the high first
part of the
and I'll tell you welcome because we
walked in you didn't even address us
something else I understand my I
apologize but wait oh yes I've had those
right so you know we always make sure
mhm that we welcome in our guests
because without our guests we don't have
a show okay so even when I met my
busiest mm-hm and people walk into my
place I have to stop and say how you
doing baby I'm Monique and like hello I
just didn't say my name
okay sweetness so with Netflix we have
to deal with people in the business mmm
to say what we have to do is be
respectful and in this entertainment
business it's so easy
mmm-hmm to be it's so easy to become
arrogant it's so easy to become inhuman
yep because we get just so used to the
machine right let's just go and the
thing that I've always tried to keep
with me is my humanity and not get
caught up in well it's just the business
because what happens is when you we go
home we don't go home with the business
so when it comes to Netflix when it
comes to Hollywood and when it comes to
people saying
Monique why are you taking a stand why
don't you just sit down
what's Kendrick Lamar song sit down be
humble right right well we've done that
for years so you have to get to a place
where you say I'm still going to be
humble but I must stand and speak loudly
because it's not the baby that's not
even born yet right
she's depending on me as I was dependent
on the sisters that came before me they
kicked down them doors that made that
way that taught me humility mm-hmm and
I'm appreciative of that and I want to
