ahead I had realized that because time
goes by very very fast so you've been
married to the same beautiful lady
eloise for a long time but before that
you were married three times for all the
wrong reasons I was gonna say what like
when you've been divorced already three
times why try again well it was for all
the wrong reasons when I was young she
was just the prettiest girl in the world
right you know and 19 years old 20 years
old he just got the hottest looking girl
he's that's what I was brought up and
didn't look for anything else and she
was but it but nothing else worked I
didn't know any better you know I would
have been a better husband as I looked
for the right thing in life but I didn't
know any better
my second white very lovely lady at the
time but you know there were things that
we didn't match up I didn't know any
better I just didn't know any better
the third one a very very nice lady but
we weren't compatible in all the ways we
should be compatible it was a very very
short term but in those days if I went
out with you in many cases I ended up
marrying you it's just one of those
things I then take
my time and I take it my time I think it
probably whether I'd made the same
decision or with somebody else I
probably would have been a better one
sometimes you just don't know but as
time goes on you know outside of looking
