against but I'm glad you're my I was
gonna say now I would because I think
most people would start of this is why
this is good for you for sure you can do
it in a non preachy way like hey I'm
trying to help you this you said that
you want this like is this actually true
like do you actually want it and do you
want me to be a part of helping you get
there like do you want to do this
together but if they kept pushing back
eventually I would sit down and say this
is how it's affecting me and be honest
about that like your mindset and the way
you approach things in your negativity
is really starting to weigh on me and I
don't know if I can continue down this
path I love you so much they say they're
in love I love you so much but it's
really weighing on me as a person and
it's getting to the point now where I
