this you're a dick and you're gonna just
shut them down instantaneously but if
you want to know how I feel about
staying in a relationship with somebody
who's got a fixed mindset and is showing
like no interest in getting out my life
is way too precious but I mean like from
the get-go I would try to it
it from like this is why this isn't
helping you this is why it's not getting
you to your goal and you sound like a
preacher and they hate you
like I wouldn't preach to them I thought
I would start there's like oh what are
your goals my goal is this okay great
like let's work together let's figure
out how you get there first step is the
way you deal with your goal stuff again
we stop asking me what my goals are I
don't know what my goals are and then
like but this is what you're gonna be up
against but I'm glad you're my I was
gonna say now I would because I think
