you envy who you know this is powerful
ya Edison yeah okay another thing to ask
yourself to know yourself better is what
do you try to hide because if you're
trying to hide something then there's in
some way that what you're actually doing
is not in keeping with your values or
with the values of the people around you
which might not be your values but so
like if you're hiding the fact that
you're visiting certain websites or
you're hiding the fact that you're
spending three hours writing in your
journal because you feel like other
people won't approve or whatever it
might be or you're hiding the fact that
you love to sew or you're light you or
is it so I did I mean this is this and I
think they feel that whatever they have
like complicated motions or it's not as
it's things that are less healthy like
I'm hiding how much I drink I'm hiding
how much I'm spending anytime you look
at what you're trying to hide it's a big
clue about how your life is not
reflecting your values another thing
