inflation 15 I 16 yeah so
butthat habits do you have a list of
habits that you look at every day or is
it are they ingrained and I'm gonna
polder it's just like part of me yeah
and how about your a struggle that you
had making something creatively that the
world doesn't know about like where did
you really struck I mean the four
tendencies was so difficult for me I'm
telling I was sitting this close to you
and I could see there's a little cringe
yes yeah that was the harsh I know it
was it was like I just had all this like
loose kind of information floating
around I didn't know how anything fit
together
I couldn't now it's a beautiful pattern
that has kind of the elegance of a fern
frond do you know so I'm like it it
looks like a nautilus shell so it's got
to be right um but I couldn't I couldn't
make sense of it and I was it was a
tremendous and the whole habit book
actually was a huge struggle because
there was just so much information and I
couldn't figure out how to work like
should it be habits of creativity habits
of exercise but then it beasts are we
done then and I'm like it was it making
habits breaking habits did that matter
like I couldn't like figure out the
framework I'm like I'm completely a
person who needs structured thinking and
I couldn't find my structure and there
was just more and more and more
information flowing in I was like I was
getting crushed by it
