can rewind this may be a reference
reference material this question is a
very uncomfortable question to ask but
it was actually one of the questions
that was most helpful to me whom do you
envy hmm because when you envy something
we'd often don't like to
that we feel envy because it's so
uncomfortable but when you when somebody
when you envy someone they have
something that you wish you had and
that's a really really important clue
and when I was thinking about switching
to becoming a writer I got one of those
magazines you know there's alumni
magazines that you get and it reports on
like everybody in your class in college
and I noticed that when I was reading
about people who had really cool law
jobs I felt a kind of mild interest and
when I read about people had really cool
writing jobs I felt sick with envy so
it's like that they were telling that
was telling me they had something that I
wish I had and so thinking about whom
you envy who you know this is powerful
ya Edison yeah okay another thing to ask
