we were talking about this before we
started rolling is you used to be a
lawyer and we're clerking for Sandra Day
O'Connor on the Supreme Court yes when I
realized I wanted to be a writer what
was it something about what was it we
running from something or two simple you
know that's a really good question
because I was having a great experience
as a lawyer you know clicking for
justice O'Connor was amazing I'd had a
lot of great experiences but you know
some people really feel a calling where
they feel like almost a compulsion to do
something and sometimes it's to be a
doctor sometimes funnily enough like to
be a circus performer if you like circus
performers often how like this
overwhelming desire to like perform the
circus and mine I felt a kind of a
compulsion to write and I always had
this sense that I was sort of digressing
like everything I was doing was great
but it was sort of like not exactly
where I was supposed to be um and and
finally I think when I was clerking I
got to the point where it I just felt
the call so strongly to become a writer
it was more about going somewhere than
leaving someplace I loved that and I'm
