which was some or something in me told
me that that's what I needed to do how
common is that story because if if I was
told to go I'll do these other things
that was going to be a doctor and a
professional athlete and you lawyer do
we have a cultural is there a systemic
problem that's telling us to be things
we don't want to be or how does how
should we think about that no I think of
it as drift and
is and that's what happened to me it
wasn't that people were telling me what
to do it was just that I wasn't spending
the time really searching within myself
and asking hard questions like what did
I really want to do and I think drift is
what happens when you take the path of
the least resistance so you don't want
to ask yourself hard questions you don't
want to risk conflict with somebody
who's important to you you know your
mom's a doctor your dad's a doctor into
and everybody's like why don't you go to
your grade in math and science why don't
you become a doctor and you're like okay
I'll go to medical school and you do
fine and you should have never stopped
stuff like this do I want to be a
director because and then at some point
often now sometimes that works out yes
and that's what's tricky about drift
because sometimes it works out but you
always run the risk when you're not
making a conscious choice that you kind
of end up someplace a lot of time after
spending a lot of time and energy doing
something that then you leave behind and
so I think whenever you're whenever you
feel like you're being carried forward
by events or when you know you're doing
what everybody else is doing I'm getting
married because all my friends are
getting married so I should be getting
married you know
alarm bell alarm bell alarm bell or if
you have feelings like this can't go on
but it does go on or like if you have a
fantasy of like well maybe maybe I'll
break my leg and then I won't be able to
do it you know kind of fantasies of sort
of emergency release these are the kind
of things that point you towards drift
