which is knowing yourself because
presumably what you said something
interesting is second ago which was I
had I had been doing this thing in my
spare time yeah so so that's step one
that people I think a lot of times
overlooked like if you're a lawyer what
can I do is start writing will chart
writing like yes the verb is for right
right yes
like do what you do and you're like what
do you do when you're just like left to
your own devices and here's a great
example of that okay um I have videos on
my site and the way that I found the
person who makes the videos my
videographer was this was a woman who
she'd like left the workforce Maria
chiquinho and then she did this our
children we're in kindergarten together
and she did this amazing video of the
kindergarten year when I was like oh my
god she's so amazing and then we had a
mutual friend who also had kids at the
school and as a favor to her Maria did
this woman's book trailer and I was like
that's an amazing book trailer will you
make a book trailer for me and she's
like sure I got like I'll hire you
then she did a great book trailer for me
and then I'm like well I need somebody
to make videos for me every week will
you do it and she's like okay so you
know she was just doing what she was
doing for fun
which is like make a little kindergarten
video but that just that was just doing
what she did and then that was enough to
put her in the game kind of and then
other people were like I'll hire you and
I've seen that you've done this great
work I think you probably know the
