oh you know like oh I did NaNoWriMo and
I had no trouble writing a novel in a
month but why can't I why can't I write
a nob why can't I write every day now
and so I was trying to figure out so I
came up nice personality frameworks and
it took months and it was like the
hardest most intellectually challenging
thing I've ever done is to try to see
the pattern and when I finally
identified it and I realized that I'm an
upholder well it turns out a polder is
like it's very rare and it's a very
extreme personality and I basically had
to go back and rewrite all of better
than before because I went into it
thinking that I was very typical and
what I would I learned from it is
actually I'm an extreme rare personality
and I remember going into my husband and
being like you know what I'm like this
extreme fringy person yeah and he's like
you think like nobody was surprised at
me but but but but what was interesting
about it was was was seeing how a lot of
times people think well there's
something wrong with me
everybody else has got this figured out
there's a problem with me and there's a
huge relief and understanding like
there's a whole bunch of people who have
exactly the same thing as I do and
there's no shame in that and so just
billions of it yeah we don't we should
just build in whatever infrastructure
you need to like get where you want to
go you don't have to you don't have to
feel bad about it you know because
sometimes in all of the tendencies
you'll see people saying like well I
felt bad about you know polders per se
like everybody tells me that I'm rigid
that's what people always tell upholders
and you're like and then you hang out
with other Polar's and they're like yeah
everybody tells us we're rigid we like
it you know or questioners you know
