you know I've experienced prior to 2010
Australian Open many struggles on the
court respiratory problems inability to
cope with the heat endurance issues even
though I was training hard and I was
feeling that I'm losing that kind of
fuel in my tank I was feeling weaker and
then all of a sudden the vision you know
became different I didn't see the court
as wide as it was at the beginning of
the match and you know I have blurred
vision you know I couldn't catch breath
after after each point was finished and
in in no time he was it was a winner of
the match and I remember that between
fourth and fifth set I went out to to
throw up and felt my stomach was was
aching I felt my you know energy was so
low and I was just my nose was blocked
and then it was plenty of things going
on and it was not the first time I
didn't understand that there is this
nutrition part that was blocking me in a
way because I wasn't eating correctly
even though I thought that I was
coming from the culture where we were
based a lot on the gluten which is in
the wheat and we have bakeries in each
corners or I had breads and different
bread baskets each day even we eating
pizza and I would have a little bread
inside that's how you know integrated
that kind of cultural reading was in in
in our region and also a lot of meat and
and sugar
you know refined sugar but I didn't know
that that that would cause all of these
things would cause that kind of you know
a feeling of being helpless on the court
and feeling of being powerless
