nobody has ever touched the tennis
racket prior to me my family so there
was no traditional heritage of that
sport when I was four years old and have
three tennis courts being built just in
front of the restaurant if my parents
were only from when I was four to seven
I was mostly involved in a school tennis
with kids and just just playing around
the court being you know being in the
big groups of children it was a play it
was a game it was fun when I was seven I
think that's the first time that I
really had the clear vision of what I
want to achieve and who I want to become
in tennis I just knew I want to become
number one and win Wimbledon and I had
such a clear vision my mind is even
creating this Wimbledon trophy out of
you know some plastic materials and then
it's just little paper and just trying
to create you know visions and images in
my mind and create something that would
serve as a motivation and inspiration
for my
[Music]
