nothing without you and we know that
jack weighing in on this first of all
I'm so happy that they're not rolling
out these changes because they didn't
work they didn't work for creators and
they didn't work for patrons it wasn't a
viable solution and I really commend
them for taking that to heart for no
matter how how much data they had that
said that this was the way to go they
were able to stop and listen and say we
were wrong admitting that you're wrong
is a really vulnerable thing to do
because you don't get a chance to defend
yourself they did spend a lot of time
coming up with the solution and the fact
that they were so able to go right back
to the drawing board and say now we're
gonna involve you guys in the process in
the decision-making process I wish every
company would do that that's that's an
amazing response so I just wanted to
weigh in that I'm really happy with the
decision that they ended up making I
understand that they make mistakes
everybody does
everybody makes mistakes and it sounds
like they're gonna fix it they still
have some challenges to overcome and
like every business does they have to
make decisions that are in the best
interest of most people and some people
might still be upset with whatever
changes that they make but at least
they're doing it right there they're
presenting us with the actual facts and
trying to give us input so I'm really
happy to say I can still adore patreon
as much as I always have full disclosure
I am on patreon I'm very successful on
patreon and I last week just got to quit
my job and go full-time doing what I
love and also I have received a t-shirt
and a hug from people at patreon so
that's the full disclaimer but yeah I
believe in what they do and I'm so happy
to hear that their values are still in
