playing a mom to a teenager in this
movie tell us about yourself as a
teenager what kind of team I was
terrible I mean this is what I want to
have a child because of the Karma and
having what I did in my parents was that
awful I mean I used to like jump off the
roof to go to parties I mean I like
rolled joints in my kitchen I mean my
parents my mom didn't even know what
marijuana was sorry to touch you down
there things are starting to happen do
it again
I guess I mean I was terrible I was the
worst kid you could ever imagine I mean
I you know I would got pregnant and I
mean I was just a disaster
I was from New Jersey so there wasn't a
lot of options well oh my god it's a lot
of information for you to handle on yeah
I'm blanking out right now okay well
tell us about real life I would have had
a 20 year old or something
right but I did but I don't right sorry
that's not really funny I was just
exercising it's not funny at all I don't
know why I started laughing I just
thought about me having a 20 year old
child that's half black half white that
would not that would have been funny cuz
I was dating 50 cent when I was in high
school also that's why I'm finding if I
say nothing we get the best everyone
