now it's it's like you become that
person you have to become that person
when I got in the movies I had a at 12th
as kid called me up and said hey I'm
having a lot of trouble staying clean I
met my job and there's a lot of flow
down here 1985 so idea yeah I sure did
11 o'clock at night I showed up at her
at a warehouse down by all there's feet
I thought this guy walked in the
warehouse it was a movie set of a movie
called runaway train john-boy Aaron
loves and I walked onto that movie set
out there wow this guy says hey you do
you want to be in the movie that's what
I got to do he said you want to be extra
I said extra what he says can you act
like a convict yeah I'll give it a shot
I'm in a Terry prisoners day to
California
this other guy comes over older guys hey
you're Danny Trejo oh yeah I go you're
Eddie bunker I knew this guy I love you
guys and wrote some amazing books and so
he said Daniel you still watching ago I
trained man I'm 37 years old
boxing's he says we need somebody to
Train one of the actors holocrons I
started training Eric Roberts out of
bars for the movie
I'll never get Andrei Konchalovsky
Russian Russian comes over you be in
movie you fight Erik okay and he leans
over the kissing and then he walks away
I looked at Eddie I said look Eddie I'm
not training the kid for 320 a day but
if I won't be kissing that old man I
want more money
