grandfather's oh is that on your career
began cars are like gorgeous girls rims
they're like the shoes the paint job
that's the makeup chrome that's the
jewelry let's take a look at these big
76 Cadillac Seville this is the car I
told everybody they made it doctors
lawyers all that you know we made but it
was just it came out it's just so classy
you know in 10 it 17 everybody loved it
everybody wanted one I love pulling up
in Beverly Hills in it and all the old
doctors and lawyers look oh my god who
runs it actually all original except for
the sound everybody gets mad at us if we
use this truck you got a lot of junk in
your trunk this is a 50 to 52 Chevy
stepside yeah with the only thing
different is that we have a automatic
and go oh wait you got a little cholo oh
yeah he watches it
and there's a 350 Chevy engine 60 over
it I love that it's good it's just this
is the interior out of a uh family no no
okay okay good
1936 dodge Teresa dear and there's only
like 500 registered no way yeah there's
a lot of Dodge sedans
but the Dodge touring sedan was like the
elegante
yeah right right right right we put like
original mohair so is this is this hard
to find or just super expensive or is it
rare well yeah it's hard to find a shoe
bitch bitch oh wait a second I found
