stunt-double type body type or I wasn't
Japanese in this case so yeah was there
was there ever a time when he was a down
time that you thought you were gonna
give up skateboarding I was like a
profession or hopefully a profession and
go do what it did around the around
those years because I wasn't relying
just on my skating to put
to pay the bills I was doing you know
these other things like I told you and
and it was it was trying for sure really
yeah and and we had just started a skate
company escape brand and we're trying to
like I'm trying to support that and I'm
trying to keep that afloat and with very
little success at the at the time but it
was more what I learned was that I would
do this the same thing I was doing for
free do you know what I mean like I was
getting paid for it I was getting paid
pretty well for it and then my my income
my salaries dropped off significantly to
some in some cases completely and I
realized that I just love doing it I
would I would do it for free any day you
know and getting paid is just incidental
and then as things came back around it
was suddenly like I'm getting more money
than I ever imagined I mean even today I
get paid ridiculous amounts to ride my
skateboard and I would just go do it for
free anyway so that's what made you
