maybe yeah yeah only a handful of skate
parks and so when I really got into it I
was looking to people towards people to
emulate one of them was Steve Caballero
because he was my size he was actually
older than me but he looked a lot
younger and he was flying out of these
swimming pools and when I saw that in a
magazine and I saw this guy my size
literally flying that was that gave me
the first the first fire to like I
wanted how does he do that I want to
learn to do that and then I went to the
skate park and I saw people doing it
live and I made it my mission to do that
and then as I got sort of as I started
learning moves and things that the the
person that took cues from them was the
skater Eddie al Guerra because he was
the most innovative skater as far as I
was concerned at a time when skating was
kind of really low in popularity and
learning new tricks was not cool it was
almost like you're a circus act why not
why was it not coming because skating
was more about the style the raw power
and you know it looking like you're
surfing and it was this dog town z-boys
and and people do tricks for considered
robots that was truly it like I look at
that robot and I was a little kid I
didn't have the cool style and the big
power and I was like I wanna do that
stuff yeah yeah that looks awesome
and so one of the first sort of pro
