knew that even if I did that I would
still find time escape yeah what advice
would you give to people who have a
passion but maybe they're not able to
pursue it on a professional level maybe
there's not that big of a market for
them maybe it's an in downturn in their
industry and they feel like they have to
go work something else they don't love
to make money I think if you really if
you if you're following a passion for a
business you have to go all-in and you
have to take that risk just to see it
through to see if it will work and and I
think that the thing that people don't
realize is it sometimes it takes way
longer than you ever imagined and a lot
of times you have to learn different
skills and different techniques and
nuances that you never would have been
interested in or cared about when I
started skate company I didn't know
about marketing I didn't know anything
about purchase orders or displays or
retail or wholesale I just wanted to
make skateboards to have a cool team all
right but there were only three of us in
the office so I had to figure out how to
do all that stuff and I at some point I
just embraced it and it definitely was
an advantage to me later on because I
did understand those things some people
are talking shop about different brands
and stuff I know what they're discussing
and I actually have valuable input yeah
but a lot of people just want to do the
thing they love and not really get out
of their comfort zone mm-hmm and I think
that's the advantage and just you know
learn everything about your craft that's
good yeah when you started to you know
