you know in the important times and and
in when they need guidance
when you were when you were kind of
growing in the fame and building the
businesses and launching brands
how did you manage intimate
relationships with your partners or
because you've been married a couple
times then yeah um and they're all
different you know and and are in the
the the stresses were different and each
time and and the dynamic was different
and they all you know I am as much to
blame as anyone but they all you know
they all sort of fell apart for
different reasons but a Lavo is because
of my schedule and my fame and and and
my choices yeah and I accept that and it
was you know wasn't really until recent
years that I figured out that I'm
comfortable in my own skin mm-hmm and
that I don't need to be always doing
something
or be distracted and that also you know
the choices I make and the people I was
with there weren't you know it didn't
the dynamic wasn't the best for health
for a healthy relationship yes did you
ever feel like you weren't comfortable
in your own skin yeah I think so
especially once I got a lot of Fame and
we had a lot of money yeah because I
just I didn't know where I belong didn't
like I said a lot of people that's what
they strive for and then once they get
there I think this is where I belong I
you know I'm should be having all this
the fancy cars and the big houses and
the and and be showy about it and at
some point I was more disappointed that
I ever followed that path really yeah
