it's it's work but it's worth it it's
awesome yeah yeah do you think there was
a time when you didn't communicate well
yeah for sure oh I and I just didn't
really understand when I was a kid you
know my parents were from the 50s and
they were not showing love outwardly you
know I didn't grow up in a in a very
loving home it wasn't like they hate
each other but it definitely just better
show affection there's not at all yeah
and and and to you know to me only
through their actions not through their
words and so I didn't really grow up
learn understanding intimacy like that
and I I never wanted to really embrace
that because I thought it was gonna be
too hard or I just didn't I didn't know
you didn't want you didn't you thought
embracing intimacy would be too hard
yeah are just scarier I didn't really
understand this very process yeah and
and and opening yourself up like that
and it just seemed like I had these sort
of ridiculous notions of what marriage
and parenting are supposed to be and you
do this and you get child carrying you
this and this and this
is how it were you know it was all like
Ozzie and Harriet and it was it was just
such a lie yeah and to present you know
I need you could present this falsehood
of contentment happy yeah yeah it's like
it's like fake book you know it's like
yeah this is my life it's suddenly your
life those are the cool pictures of your
life
it's like industry I'm showing off the
car exactly right right that's not
that's not that's not more of it and I
feel like I just come to understand and
and come to terms with the reality of
everything and and presenting it as real
mm-hmm and I am what you see is what you
get right you know I'm nervous odd of
the fantasy out here what's been the
