years for you personally the biggest
breakthrough that you've had to overcome
um I honestly I think it was in recent
years I started losing a lot of my
endorsements just because of like the
way that sponsorships work nowadays it's
all more based on your social media and
they're all short-lived and I was living
through by year Lord you know multi-year
contracts and just by sheer coincidence
all of them sort of ended all at once
Wow and it leaves you with a sense of of
not knowing your value hmm it's hard to
explain but it was like all of a sudden
it was like well I'm not I haven't
changed what I do I'm not getting worse
at what I do
why is everyone bailing out you know
anything and and I think that I had to I
had to wrestle with what is my sense of
value and how do i how do i navigate
these waters and still do what I love
and I kind of figured it out on my own
but but very much like had to believe in
myself more than ever Wow
where believe that what I'm doing is
still relevant and what I'm doing still
has resonance and that people hopefully
are still interested in it and and I
kind of figured out how to make
those I don't want to say make those
ends meet but but fill those voids in
terms of finances and in terms of being
out there through my use of social media
Wow
