they treat people well mm-hmm it's a
great quality yeah yeah couple final
questions this one is something I asked
everyone at the end of the show it's
called the three truths and so I want
you to imagine that you've achieved
everything you want you've had the
relationships dreams the kids have grown
up and done everything they want to do
and you get to decide when it's your
last day could be hundreds of years from
now it could be whatever you want it to
be your last day here on earth right
yeah you choose to happy moment but for
whatever reason all the things you've
created you've got to take with you so
you can't really leave anything behind
you've got to take it all with you but
your family gives you a piece of paper
and a pen and they say we write down the
three things you know to be true
from all your experiences and lessons
the three lessons you would leave behind
or truths and this is all we would have
physically tangibly you're reminded of
yield besides our memory what would you
say are your three truths ah well the
easy questions last one got to warm you
out three truths
I think people deserve respect and you
have to believe in yourself and you
should help others they can't help
themselves
mm-hmm do you like you're doing a good
