was the last moment the last chance uh
well not really I mean that could have
gone longer if you had more energy it no
it was just that the time for the event
was already over over I gotta yeah so
they were just allowing me to keep
trying it got it and it wasn't like I
didn't think it was gonna count for the
competition I just wanted it done right
and that's the mindset of skating you
know it wasn't for the glory it was just
like I'm gonna finally get this trick
I'm finally I'm finally in the mode I'm
probably can do it and I never thought
that they're gonna put it on TV I never
thought that they're gonna there would
let me win after the time had run out
because that's his never held what you
know when I learned 720's which is a
double spin I learned it on a literally
learned on a backyard ramp in Stockholm
Sweden in 1985 with three people
watching me mm-hmm
and no video yeah that's what I was used
to you know in terms of learning new
tricks that's the scenario so all of a
sudden it was broadcast live on ESPN it
was like SportsCenter highlight I wasn't
ready for any of that and nor did I
expect it it was one of the layout trick
that was it yeah and it was and and and
as like I I would start walking through
airports at that time and and people
would stop me and Tony Hawk 900 and I
was like how do you know all right why
do you care yeah it was manic it was
iconic now how did you focus you know
