the table and they're all sitting I
can't see anybody so now I'm giving this
monologue to who I mean I'm just sitting
under a table now and I thought oh no
and it's also just now I'm really not
connecting with anybody and I had heard
part of discussion was how do we
convince the audience that she belongs
in this group like that's a problem
that's a problem why are these people
that we identify with friends with this
person and I kept saying well because
they say so you know if Monica likes her
we're going to like her if they like her
if they say so then you know it's gonna
that'll be why so I I didn't feel like
putting me under the table helped that
case you know and then we did the
run-through and afterward David Crane
cuz they're so sweet David and Marta you
know and so respectful also again lucky
enough to be working with really really
respectful you know writer producers and
they went um I'm not sure um the choice
Lisa if this was your choice it's fine
to try I'm not sure that the choice to
sit under the table
um is the one that best SAR
is the scene um and I said that's
alright now that's fine that's okay you
know I wasn't going to say what wasn't
my idea even if I wanted to like please
don't blame me please don't fire me for
this choice I'll throw him under the bus
he's too powerful I know no one's going
to get rid of him um and so they yeah so
