we don't let that throw you I'm still
here
yeah yeah I mean you want the hard truth
eat a bunch of vegetables all the time
stop drinking stop getting high I sound
like your grandfather don't I seriously
like just go clean on the intake so when
you think about the hands and the gob
all right these three things one two
three they control your general
productivity that's sort of your
baseline that's one thing to control a
hundred thousand percent you can't
control the weather you can't control
the people you can't rule traffic you
can't control you can't but what you put
in your mouth that is that will create
the brain chemistry for you to be able
to come up with answers it's this isn't
really so much always about education
because I know the smartest people in
the world a lot of PhDs who live in a
studio apartment with a view of the
train station you know why because they
eat like crap they smoke cigarettes they
wallow in their sadness their terrible
solution finders but if the brain
chemistry is such through food and
fitness now if you want to take it to
the next level if you want to go into
overdrive you want to turbo that sucker
then you workout five to six days a week
that is it people hate that answer they
just want to have great information and
they think their work ethic and their
connections are going to make it happen
action yeah but with some action but
that you want to but you want to be in a
consistent mood you want to be in this
mood where you feel like yeah I'm ready
I'm good it's maybe my biorhythms our
offer it's pouring rain outside
everybody around me as a drag right now
but I've done what I needed to do and
that eat right and exercise if you look
at any if you look at the foundation of
any successful company the Harvard
Business Review did a study on the most
successful people and the most
successful companies small and large and
when food and fitness was the baseline
the foundation of their philosophy and
who they were then the pyramid for
general success went up if it wasn't if
it was like hey do what you want I mean
look at look at the companies all across
this country right now they're coming up
with these fitness programs they're
giving people free workouts they're you
know giving them coupons and vouchers to
to gyms to join their
I sent out p90x and whatever else to
people and because I understand that
productivity goes up when people are
moving and exercising well and that
happens that that's true for a large
organization or an entrepreneur if it
look and if you want more answers beyond
this right here I'm going to tell you
planning simple here comes the plug go
to Tony Horton live.com
you're going to find out where I go
you're going to find out what I sell you
can buy you know a lot of people listen
to this and go Tony has a course with
Brendon Bouchard co livin large so I can
hear that it'll go in here and go out
there and I'll go find some else to find
solutions you know look I was eight and
now I'm not and it's all in that course
could it go to Tony Horton live.com
there it is products livin large large
download it do it my wife did my course
twice I mean you know she has me I'm
right in bed next to her she could just
ask me questions because I like the
structure of it and makes me you know
take all my notes so here's the thing is
you have to trust it you have to have
faith in it him RI or whoever it is I
would have all these experiences and I
would gather up the stuff that made
sense to me and I would ignore the stuff
that didn't and then I would start to
apply it I would stop though drinking
doesn't work for me I'm gonna stop
eating cake stop eating cake cake has no
waffles no I understand how that affects
my brain chemistry I want to do it like
a friggin Ferrari going hundred miles an
hour off a cliff Wham that's how I want
to move that's how I want to think us I
want to be so you can't just f off and
go poor to use party as a verb and get
wasted with your pals know you'll never
get there ever and if you knew the end
will suck because it'll all pay back in
the end of the negative way heard it
first so I guess we man the myth the
