industry conferences people would you
know it but but here's the thing I
always knew in high school I had to
prove myself I had an older sister in
school and I was following in her
footsteps and so when you're a younger
child you look up and say how am I gonna
do it differently how am I gonna prove
to my teachers that I'm not who my
sister was and she was great but she you
know she had they had a certain view of
but they were greater yeah and so how am
I gonna how am I gonna convince them and
and my trick was just to convince them
in the first class you know convince
them right away so I still walk in
places with Bill and people first of all
they assume he's the smartest person in
the room almost no matter whether it's a
man or a woman who walks in right but as
soon as I opened my mouth you can
sometimes look at the person's face and
they're kind of like wow she knows
something too
I just think it's kind of funny to get
that yeah I get that in a certain in
certain places you know that we go in
and meet with business leaders let's say
in Africa right we all have hidden bias
men and women have hidden bias so I have
to look at even my own bias even inside
the foundation where I go to into
meeting I have to look at you know do I
expect that the women are as credible as
them and do I expect that someone of a
different skin color is as credible as
man and what am I doing with my own
hidden bias that Rhian self reinforces
that or doesn't and so I think we all
have to look at that and women have to I
