brought to the light of day and examined
you can't get at it and so one of nobody
knows there's no single one reason the
industry got to this point but one of
the things that we look back in the data
and see is that at the time when the
industry flipped when I went into
computer science as a young girl in high
school you had a lot of games that were
not genderized but all of a sudden when
games started to become very genderized
you started to see the downtick this
huge falling off of women wanting to go
into computer science because the games
were all shoot-'em-up tough and NFL
football and so women kind of go well
I'm not interested in that stuff so they
started to back out and then when you
get where it's a very male young
male-dominated industry
you get some bad behavior and it
reinforces itself and I think you also
get the V AC industry that doesn't help
either because most of the money then is
held in the hands of men and young men
and it reinforced itself today of VC
partners only six percent today are
women six percent and of all companies
that get funded out of the VC industry
only three percent of female lead
companies get funded that is crazy
so you said and you wrote I'm putting my
money where my mouth is on this one what
are you doing yeah so I'm working kind
of on three levels I'm working both on
the what we call leaky pipeline from K
through 12 working on new pathways for
women to get into computer science we
can talk about that I'm working on half
some of the environmental issues using
my voice about the environment for women
how do we make that right and then
enabling I can use my resources I can
put down I can look for smart business
opportunities not you know some a
charity case to fund a woman smart
business opportunities and I could put
my resources down so there's in the VC
space you're doing this right now my
time you saw those numbers and we're
appalled exactly and so there's a great
set of investors Theresa Gow and
Jennifer Fon stad they've run aspect
part and Venture Partners
I'm putting money down with them of the
companies they've chosen for their fund
40% are women led and I'm gonna do that
in several other places in the next 18
months because I think our money moving
money is what will move the industry for
women and you know what's even crazier
than women 3% of women LED businesses
getting funding less than 1% of people
of color get funding from the VC
industry less than 1% Wow you want it
and so I don't know about you but when I
sit around a table and we're talking
about innovations when I surrounded the
foundation we're talk about innovations
the best products and the best ideas
come when you have a diverse set of
people at the table people that from all
walks of life different backgrounds men
women people of color we know in great
research now that that makes better
products and when you think about where
computing is going for the world
I mean tech tech is invasive it's in all
of our lives don't you want the people
who are sitting behind that programming
it to be people who have diverse points
of view who think about older people who
think about babies who think about young
kids and how they do it to think about
how it might work in a place like India
or Bangladesh or in a borough outside of
New York not just in Manhattan you need
that diversity so when you read the for
