know 15 minutes 20 minutes I just I love
the world of it I suddenly was around
these other people who were exactly like
me which which was what obsessed with
the same thing but how what are they
you're just off you're out you're
eccentric everybody's talking and you're
trying to imitate what you've heard
other people say to carry on a
conversation because all the thoughts
that are coming into your head are why
is your tie like that you know what were
you like in high school you considered a
weirdo an outsider or you know I don't
know why I never had never bothered me
that I had no normal social experience
at all but I didn't think I was missing
anything and even now to this day most
of regular life doesn't interest me at
all no like what portion of it
everything I mean what do you think is
fun what's what's a fun thing for David
Remnick what do you when you want to
have fun what do you do I go to the
movies I listen to music yeah I mean
that's pretty sad
no I'm just kidding no your parents were
both orphan did that create any unusual
home life what was that I think it did
there was a very what I call a benign
neglect in my house I was like a raccoon
to my parents I mean that you kind of
know this it's around but you don't
really know where it is you know they
had no interest in any of my activities
school grades social life health safety
or education zero and which was very fun
and freeing you know and which I also
