funny you have to be just so goddamn
funny that they love it they can't get
enough of it what was that relationship
like it when once the show started going
with Larry David in other words who's
playing what role what who's good at
what in terms of conceiving the show
that was always great at the general
direction that the show should take you
know let's have George lose his
apartment and move back in with his
parents for the whole season right I
would never think of something like that
that was a Larry he would think of that
you know and that was a brilliant idea
and I was very good at when he and I
would talk in the room I love to
structure the dialogue so that the joke
was at the right place and the line that
precedes it was the right line when you
do it well you don't see any of that you
see the skill of a great musician when
you're watching a community who knows
what he's doing you're just laughing and
having fun and it all seems so easy
seems easy for the comedian the audience
is having fun just and that's what it
takes so long to learn see what most of
these guys most of the kids that I
started out with you go up let's say you
go up on stage 5-10 times a week two or
three of those you're gonna do well
because you're gonna have a good crowd
you've kind of got a good rhythm that
night or your focus that night or
whatever being a professional comedian
you can't do well two out of ten times
it get paid for it
a professional comedian you would do
well ten out of ten you've got to do
well ten out of ten in different places
at different times in front of different
people that takes years what actually
