in general and then I'll get to be
specific for sure my biggest downfall
early was I wasn't kind enough to some
people hmm so my own Drive in my own
ambition and my own relentless approach
I think I I think there's a way to hold
people accountable without demeaning
them and I think I demeaned people I
think I shamed people publicly for their
lack of performance early in my career
and I was stupid enough to continue to
make the mistake over and over again
even though it was hurting them me and
my business so I think I blew out a lot
of really capable quality people by not
knowing not being articulate enough and
thinking through the best way to hold
somebody accountable without I think I
was just I think I was a dick yeah so in
just the way you push them or enough
wasn't enough the way I pushed him the
way I would respond to lack of
performance rather than hold him
accountable challenge and giving him a
little bit of pain you're rebuked yeah
Jesus rebuked the Apostles right he's on
the rebuke but I think I think you can
trend over too I thought I was in a
locker room all the time and not
everybody is in the locker room all the
time and not everybody responds the same
way to criticism that I do I love
criticism I mean you tell me what the
hell I'm doing wrong I'm a friggin fix
it right yeah yeah but not everybody
does and so I'm not saying to hold
people accountable of course I should've
helped people accountable and I got a
hold of standard if they don't hit it
they're gone but I was do me you tell me
