so I arrived in New York I have this
female roommate from Microsoft and she
says well a bunch of us are here 30 of
us for this computer show you're you're
here by yourself why don't you after you
go do this business come join us for
this conference dinner tonight it'll be
just Microsoft people and they'll be you
know 30 of us three dozen I said great I
came across town I came in late there
were two open seats and I took the
second-to-last open seat and about 15
minutes later bill came in and sat in
the last open seat and so that's when we
first met I could sense that he was a
bit interested and took him quite a few
months before he finally asked me out
yeah he said you played hard to get a
little yeah yeah well there was a lot
going on back then oh I'm sure so it's a
Saturday because everybody worked on a
Saturday at Microsoft you're in the
parking lot and what they do a couple
months later so it turned out his mom
knew somebody who was on the board at
Microsoft it was on the board sorry at
Duke and so I guess he'd been asking for
kind of some information about me he
knew I worked at dude I've gone to Duke
and then came to work at Microsoft so no
we're working on a Saturday I worked in
a different building but I guess we'd
parked somewhere near each other and I
was coming out of the building and so
was he out of his building and he strike
up a conversation we started talking and
then it was this was on a Saturday and
he said he finally kind of got around he
said well would you would you go out
with me you know two weeks from Friday
night and I'm like two weeks from Friday
night who knows their calendar that far
out like I like you know I said that
wasn't really that spontaneous enough
for me maybe call me closer to the date
that would be interesting but you know
call me a couple days ahead and so I
gave him my phone number and he called
me two hours later at home he said well
I have two things I have to go to
tonight a user group dinner and
something else but then could you go out
with me for a drink and I said well I
guess that's a little more spontaneous
so I ended up going out with them and
the rest as they say is history
is history even before you got married
