is crazy
courage is contagious I know that I
Julian assigned to came out it was a
quote he said about the movie being
quote unquote
a massive propaganda attack that was a
word that he used yeah right on that
fascinating because you actually emailed
with Julian at some point the movie so
where is that disconnect there if he was
so against it why would he be
cooperating with you to do the role he
wasn't cooperating that's what he wanted
me not to do the wrong he wanted me to
step away from the project that was what
the communication was at the beginning
of the film the day before we started
filming in Iceland I received a massive
email telling me that with very clear
very highly articulated reasons why I
shouldn't be part of this project did
you respond yes I did yeah I did in kind
and I I I took a long time and I wrote
as passionately about why I thought he
might be wrong why I thought the world
needed to hear this story
and why I why I understood while I
understood his fears about being
vilified in it damaging the perception
of him always enterprise it's not a
documentary it's not a piece of evidence
admissible in a court of law
it's a dramatization and while we're not
hiding behind that it's it's nothing
that can damage him and also it could be
judged as a film which is what it is it
is a film and within that there are
incredibly complex issues I think we
could pretty pretty fair and even airing
too he's never going to come out to
support this film you know his idealism
is very pure and the sacrifice he talks
about to see that through is very clear
it's a mission statement that he's he
owns up to in life as well as in our
version of events so and look at his
status now as a political exile and in
an Ecuadorian Embassy as a result of all
