Africa Delia and the Armageddon chairman
if I was like a huge thank you for those
ears like I really appreciate all of
this and these cameras of these stones
so you'll be killing me you put this to
good use because I'm so sorry about our
stopping place and so it's been a hell
of a week to be one damn thing after
another as someone once famously said
but whatever you want to do is try and
enlist you i don't use social media and
I'd really appreciate it if you did
tweet blog how to type the out of
this one for I don't like this this is
part of it photographs whatever absolute
fine I can see cameras I can see red
lights in the auditorium and it may not
be any of you hear that did that but
it's blindingly obvious like that one
there that read like it's very very
obvious it's only started again tonight
way to be or not to be it's not the
easiest place to begin at label stop but
for the second time even harder I could
see a red light and about the third row
on the right it's mortifying now there's
nothing less supportive or enjoyable
isn't that to be on stage experiencing
