I was told that Monday that the
president would I had been told all
weekend that the president would be
making up his mind making his decision
sometime on Monday and I have been
sitting in my office from 8 o'clock that
morning waiting for a phone call the
phone calls I got instead were from my
family telling me or asking me what was
happening and I was getting the calls
almost hourly and almost not in every
hour I would say I don't know
two o'clock was arriving and my family
had been told that they would have to
start moving to the airport shortly and
so they were more and more anxious about
whether they should be going to the
airport or not and my response was I
don't know what I was told was that the
president had gotten distracted with
some important other business that was
going on at the time and that he would
call me at about eight o'clock but that
I should go home and pack to come to
Washington and that they would prefer
that I didn't take a plane so I rushed
out of my office home put a suitcase on
top of my bed and with my assistant
Teresa who had come home with me we
started packing a suitcase and I called
a friend to ask him to drive me to
Washington and he came or was on his way
and at 8:10 I received a call at my on
my cell phone the White House operator
tells you that the president is on the
line and you were somewhere on the road
at this point no I don't know still at
home still packing I actually stood by
my balcony doors and I had the my cell
phone in my right hand and I had my left
hand over my chest trying to calm my
beating heart
literally and the presidents got on the
phone and said to me judge I would like
to announce you as my selection to be
the next Associate Justice of the United
States Supreme Court and I said to him I
caught my breath and started to cry and
said Thank You mr. president
that was what the moment was like
