information you've ever put out there
Podcast vanish uh-huh and you had a
piece of paper and a pen I write down
the three lessons or the three truths
that you knew to be true about all your
experiences in life ah this is the only
thing that would be remembered by you
these three okay what are they what
would you write down okay the first
would be be Gretchen that's my first
personal commandment to be Gretchen
everybody has to fill in their own name
but I think that is the that is at the
core of a happy healthy productive life
be know yourself be yourself when is the
days are long but the years are short
which is like remember that everything
passes enjoy it while it lasts and the
third thing is one of the best ways to
make yourself happy is to make other
people happy one of the best ways to
make other people happy is to be happy
yourself good well before I ask the
