wasn't really much of an advantage but
uh but my point here is that I needed to
build that tribe and so the you want to
join a group with a desired behaviors
the normal behavior so I had to send
probably three four hundred emails over
the first six months and I was just
asking other entrepreneurs who had
already succeeded at what I was trying
to do if they wanted to chat on skype
for an hour and most of them said no but
by the time I got to the end of those
six months I had maybe 30 or 40 people
who had said yes who I had chatted with
now I had a tribe that I could go to
with questions and the fun this funny
thing happened because I you know I
thought it was really it was strange
enough to me to build a business but to
build a really successful one it seemed
like it seemed like it was for other
people right and then but once I got to
know some of those folks once they
became friends not only did it not seem
like it was for other people it just
seemed like it was normal it seemed like
that's what all the people around me
were doing and so you kind of soak up
all of these habits and behaviors these
philosophies and thought processes I
guess we could call it both habits of
thinking and habits of acting from the
people that you're surrounded by and
