episode is like nothing you've ever seen
before so I do hope your backfires on
them because I do think it's
mean-spirited yeah you definitely think
it was primera premeditated oh my god it
was planned yeah and you know lots of
people love the shows and all we didn't
know about it I'll give me a break you
know exactly what you're doing and I
think the worst thing about it is I
think it's bad for the fans I think
people like to be able to watch one show
when it when they can with this they
have to make a choice and it's playing
with the audience I don't like those
kind of tricks yeah and then the voice
says Christina Aguilera actually you
have and we'd have Britney Spears yeah
you keep on bumping into the whole
career you know chances yeah whether
should anything to do with that decision
oh you think she was the one behind the
idea no you get along with her yeah okay
