version of that right yeah do you want
to do that in one of what we have a
board meeting and someone said recently
that hey Dave as is sort of not a joke
but a joke you're the worst business
person I've ever met
and that was sort of the idea that I
have an aversion to scaling something in
I sort of worked my entire career not to
scale something we even have a scalable
concept name fuku and every iteration is
different and it's the same thing but
like I just want to make it better and
better and better to the point where we
can't scale it but what I've learned is
the idea of scaling something over and
over and over again while it's
interesting to me I don't want to
physically be the person doing it I want
to be the person or create the team that
like help make it better so even in
Vegas or NGC it's not like a gonna be a
greatest hits it's its own very specific
when the thing is we have done the
greatest hits in Washington DC and it
didn't work and we we blew it up and we
put a new chef in and we've just got a
great review so it's completely
different than a tech business because
scaling a brand in food yes it can work
in McDonald's or if you have a you know
a beverage but the idea of scaling you
know something that's intimate and some
kind of contract between you and a
prospective diner that's hard because
we're still trying to be best in class
and making the most you know thoughtful
delicious food and it's hard to scale
excellence I think so dumb question if
you're not super
oriented towards scale and maxing it out
but I am okay but I'm just trying to
figure out how yeah I'm learning how to
do it but but to what end like it you
seem you strike me and maybe it's just
the brand right it is like someone who
likes being in the kitchen and playing
around with stuff and what is the point
of adding to the Empire you're doing
really well now why do you want to keep
pushing it out you know we've turned
down offers to sell and to scale right
it's never been I've never got into
legitimately food to make money as weird
as that might I mean now it's like a
cool job but I was probably over the
last you know era where you got in
because you couldn't really do anything
else and now because I shouldn't be here
talking to you guys in a room full of
fancy pants antsy pants super successful
people I just like I know how lucky I am
and the fact is what I've learned after
15 years of doing Momofuku is that what
brings me happiness because I'm sure
manic and many people know like I'm not
like the happiest person I could have
the best day in the world but I'm always
like oh we could do this better we could
do this better I want to be able to make
a company better to provide for the
people around me and that that makes me
happy right and I think scale because
restaurants are notoriously like we
don't have the Marge of that tech ass
we just don't across the board food
should be more expensive but people
aren't ready to accept that yet until
that can happen we have to figure out
how to create enough profitability so we
can provide for all of our employees
good fugu become that could you know
what to do as like a 300 we talk about
food coolers in case they haven't seen
it
cuckoo but we're in case they haven't
had a Foucault in their life
Oh fuku was just a arc take on fried
chicken sandwich
and it's done in a sort of a more about
Asian context or you could even just
look at as a liberal chick-fil-a
but it was the Model T Reddy loves like
chick-fil-a but the reality is you can
do it better it's like once you see how
they do it it's not that great I'm not
trying to say it's not delicious but
like I think you can make it better and
that's are tend to do it and we now have
a team and it's now siloed off and it
has its own financing and when I say I
don't want to scale it I want to do it
in a way that I think is better and more
thoughtful bless you and I think it's
gonna take time and we have nine
locations that we have like many more
online so while I'm telling you know
we're not scaling it we are definitely
scaling yet I'm just not comfortable in
saying that it's a set model got it
right and what about the culture as you
expand to so many different markets how
do you think about that I know you've
said that like the chemistry between the
staff is almost as important as the
technique that's been incredibly
difficult right we just opened up in Los
Angeles in downtown and it's been I
think like all of my experience to be
the best version of myself and over the
years like I've had to become a better
manager of people and to realize that my
communication skills are not very good
and that people are working incredibly
hard for us because number one they need
to provide for themselves but number two
they want to have opportunities moving
forward and a restaurant group even if
it's super busy may not have the
complexities or the systems you might
see in a white-collar job and the
biggest difference that I'm trying to
tackle right now is and again with with
everything that's happening in the world
today is how do you how do you balance
out what's essentially still a
blue-collar labor which is cooking which
is now glamorized to the point where it
now has white-collar values right and
that's a collision that's hard to
mitigate and to sort out and that's what
I'm trying to figure out myself when you
say white color values can you elaborate
on that a little more I mean like how
much people expect to be paid or the
benefits a benefits to also the hours
you work
to any kind of benefit right like you
know we're going through a lot right now
like many restaurants don't even have an
HR program right like I'm sure many of
you guys have too many HR people right
we would love to have that problem and
I'm trying to figure out like how that
works because everyone has an
understanding of food now the food
awareness is higher than ever before but
no one quite wants to understand how
that food gets me right they understand
it maybe from an environmental
perspective but they don't understand it
from the restaurant perspective and
there's a lot that needs to be not just
elevated but but like thoughtfully
brought up part of the the appeal I
think for cooking is is reputationally
right like it's a fun place for people
young people to hang out and you get
drink a lot and hang out with your
co-workers and maybe you have sex with
your co-workers and are you over time or
you are you trying to make that a little
more square and a little more
white-collar or do you figure that
people are gonna do what they're gonna
do well yeah I think I've been so
allergic to a corporate body for so many
years now I think I've convinced myself
it's the only way to go and we have to
be the most efficient and most
thoughtful way company and how we
organize people part of that is how we
structure our cooks our back of the
house or from the house the server's to
you know having systems in place I think
the balance is is to make sure that we
don't become entirely systemized so my
job is to it all up in the sense of
like we want to be 100% committed to
creating a white-collar environment when
I mean by that is like hey like you can
only have one shift drink at the end of
service you have to take an hour break
that's non-negotiable you have to do
this in this you have to take certain
vacation days we have systems like we
are more thoughtful than ever in terms
of tallying data of our employees to
make sure like hey you haven't taken
vacation days why is that certain things
like that seumas like professionalizing
yeah it's professionals that's what I
mean and I think it might be hard for
people that aren't of the restaurant
world to be like no
like you guys are really in the Dark
Ages like yes we are and and and my fear
is that once you become to systemized in
the restaurant industry you're gonna
lose any of the coolness creative parts
like I got into cooking because it was
so on the like it just wasn't cool you
know everyone thought it was career
suicide when I said hey I'm gonna start
to cook so it was that that that sort of
sense of danger sense a recklessness
that no longer really exists like but it
could make it more inclusive
exactly exactly and that's what I've
been wrestling with with all of this
change that's been happening is what
needs to get better and I think for a
long time I thought if things become
professionalized than food will be less
delicious and I think I was 100% wrong
in that because I've kept them putting
my self in the center of that equation
and having balance you know like you
