elevated but but like thoughtfully
brought up part of the the appeal I
think for cooking is is reputationally
right like it's a fun place for people
young people to hang out and you get
drink a lot and hang out with your
co-workers and maybe you have sex with
your co-workers and are you over time or
you are you trying to make that a little
more square and a little more
white-collar or do you figure that
people are gonna do what they're gonna
do well yeah I think I've been so
allergic to a corporate body for so many
years now I think I've convinced myself
it's the only way to go and we have to
be the most efficient and most
thoughtful way company and how we
organize people part of that is how we
structure our cooks our back of the
house or from the house the server's to
you know having systems in place I think
the balance is is to make sure that we
don't become entirely systemized so my
job is to it all up in the sense of
