communities in America which are often
minority communities this is this
campaign is different from the last time
around you don't have a single focused
you see do you think you're gonna have
trouble breaking out of this path well
I'm feeling really good and we have
received now a 2 million individual
campaign contributions averaging 19
dollars a piece I think that's an
old-time world's record in terms of the
number of in the
contributions we have over a million
volunteers we're very strong and
grassroots activism in the early states
so we're feeling very good and I think
our message is that we cannot continue
an economy in which the rich are getting
richer when corporate America whether
it's the pharmaceutical industry the
insurance industry whether it is the
military-industrial complex they are
doing phenomenally well yet half of the
people in this country are living
paycheck to paycheck and you got 500,000
Americans sleeping out on the streets
today we need an economy that works for
everybody not just the people on top
