with what they're doing there so what
the hell happened uh this is a very hard
that's a very hard question to answer
I'll do my best to characterize what
transpired in the last year from my
perspective and that's that you know
post acquisition that was you know one
year ago now when year ago January there
was such enthusiasm by me I was one who
spearheaded this whole thing to get this
thing off the ground and get it moving
and as we built out the team and as we
built that infrastructure when I think
back specifically to like early summer
late spring last year when we were
trying to get the media team up and
running so much of the the way that work
depended on me as it creative as a
manager as a leader of the team as the
architect for what we were doing and and
I really struggled in that environment
it was not an environment that I was
happy in when I make stuff when I make
the videos that you see on this YouTube
channel I don't think I don't discuss it
with people I don't ask permission I
don't ask for input I just create in via
that process I'm able to make something
and find something in it works for me in
the infrastructure at a company like
what we were trying to do a beam build
something that's scalable be bigger than
just one individual that process doesn't
work you can't just have one person
doing one thing in a closet we had a
team and I didn't function well within
that team I didn't and it bummed me out
it was something I was tremendously
frustrated about because I loved that
team that every single member of that
team was absolutely brilliant and people
that I I consider friends I hope they
consider me friends but people I
genuinely care about but I couldn't
function as a professional I couldn't
function within that environment and I
really remember last summer was I was so
from an docking to Kansas about every
single night and those frustrations
precipitated and ultimately I stepped
out of a managerial role with the team
and let them do their thing and they
flourish like they made incredible
content I genuinely think that the beam
media team in my absence functioned
better than when I was there and I would
step in at the end and give feedback on
the content that they were creating so
then ultimately by the end of the summer
by fall of 2017 of last year you know my
role there I started to question like
what value I'm actually bringing to this
company you know I can lean on my
YouTube YouTube audience to try to bring
attention to the company but that's not
that's not a meaningful role for me I'd
love
make content but if I'm gonna go out and
make AC content it belongs here if I'm
gonna make bean content it goes there
but where do I fit I don't know if this
is making sense but all of these
unanswered questions and most of them
took place in my head all these
unanswered questions yielded just me
being tremendously frustrated and that
frustration would often manifest when I
was in the beam studio trying to work
things through the team and just being
like I just wanted to do this myself
and in the end I wasn't happy and that
sort of led us up to when we started
when Matt and I started talking with the
with our partners at CNN and they were
amazing all they wanted to do was work
with us and figure out solutions and we
had a bunch of ideas a number of
solutions but in the end this was the
outcome that made the most sense for all
parties involved I mean you know we
could have very easily put our heads
down and hit revenue goals and focus on
a business plan that was about hitting
numbers and metrics and like that is the
last thing in the world I want to spend
my days doing it wasn't interesting for
me and honestly it wasn't interesting
for our partners at CNN they're like
that's not why we want to work with you
in the end this was the optimal way for
them to sort of leverage the team's
talents and skill sets and and use them
in a way that would be the most
effective and functional for CNN for
their big investment that they made in
this company so that's what's happened I
guess a question that I imagine I would
want to know is like do I blame myself
too
and I blame myself a little bit I think
there was a confluence of factors that
led to this this place but I I certainly
take credit for a lot of them I think
that had I known then what I know now I
would have operated very differently but
