my mom those are the real enriching
experiences will you have the same
adventures in your life we have the same
stuff to write about or maybe you don't
know I think that rap in particular is a
young man's sport that I'll move out of
that white-hot space but rapid is about
the gift of discovery to be the cool
person in school you had the Noli newest
music the newest dance move had the
newest clothing on so rap is based on
that what's new what do you I know you
know jay-z is good but do you know this
song right here too only for people who
heard it right you know saying then they
bring that person into the masses know
pop culture and then you have a window
before saying that you are the one is no
longer cool and then you
to move past that and you have to find a
way to exist the white-hot space is when
it's fresh and new and it's like this is
the hottest song ever right
I mean I'll push the window like usually
not so I stood in that window a really
long time ceiling but still no I don't
think people are looking to me it's like
the thing to do you feel like I'm okay
with that because I've moved on
no you don't want because out at the end
of day we don't find out it's not about
the white-hot space but it's about
finding the truth mm-hmm
that white-hot space people think is the
biggest thing but it's really small it's
almost like a trend mm-hmm will you
rather be a trend or you rather be Ralph
Lauren right you know I mean like you
rather be a trend or you rather be
forever I'm the person that looked at
the Mona Lisa you're like man that's
gonna be cool in a cup in 40 years right
right
I play forever right I play forever and
B and so my whole thing is identified
with the truth not to be the youngest
hottest new trendy thing one of the
