relationship with him which you alluded
to a little bit album was the last time
you talked to him I hate calling it out
the day just tell him back he's my
brother I love Kanye I do
it's complicated relationship with us
well is it complicated it because you
know Kanye came into this business on my
label so I've always been like his big
brother
and we're both entertainers it's always
been like a little underlying
competition there with your big brother
and we both love and respect each
other's art too so it's like a
we both everyone wants to be the
greatest in the world you know I'm
saying and then it's like a lot of other
factors that play in it
but it's gonna always be good
you know even if the ocean now right hmm
is their attention still yeah yeah yeah
but that happens in the long
relationship you know hopefully when
we're 89 we look at this six months or
whatever time and we laugh at that you
know I'm saying is gonna be
complications in the relationship that
we have to get through and the only way
to get through that is we sit down and
have a dialogue and say these are the
things that I'm uncomfortable with these
are the things that unacceptable to me
this is what I feel I'm sure he feels
that I've done things to him as well you
know I'm saying these are I'm not a
perfect human being by no stretch you
know is he as evolved as you you sound
like a no he's I think he started out in
a more compassionate position than me
you know I'm saying I don't know if he's
had the level of I mean I had survived
by my instincts I'm here because I'm a
different grew up a different way and I
got out of that right
my first out came out when was 26 so I
was already a different artist right you
know a lot of people I'm come out they
17 18 so their subject matter is that of
a 17 or 18 year old unless you're knives
and you like well read and like I think
his mom was a teacher so I'm like he was
way more advanced but the album that he
wrote so I just grew up a different way
but he's a very compassionate person and
a lot of times you get in trouble trying
to help others you know so I can
identify with it it's just that there's
certain things that happen now I'm just
not really acceptable attorney and we
just need to speak about it and it's
just like however the relationship
evolves but there's a genuine we love
that I'm trying to picture the scene
