even have thought of cuz I'm a different
generation what do you want a young
white kid to hear in that song that
maybe a young black kid would not hear
that's a great question um I think when
you make music you want people to hear
it and hear different things and then
you want it to start a dialogue because
that's how we get to understanding
excuse me oh you felt that way about it
this is actually what I meant because
this happened and these things happen
and led to me saying this specific thing
how did you react when when the end of
that
in that song where you refer to to Jews
and wealth some people got upset how did
you feel about that I felt it was really
hypocritical only because I mean it's
obvious the song is like you want to be
rich do what people who got rich done of
course it's a general statement right
it's obviously a general statement like
the video attached to it was a general
statement and if you didn't have a
problem with the general statement I
made about black people and people even
watermelon and things like that that was
fine and that line about wealth bothers
you then that's very hypocritical and
you know that's something within
yourself because basically I was saying
you know Michael Jordan LeBron James is
a great basketball player he trains an
offseason if you want to be great
training offseason like him that's
basically the statement big things you
can't miss the context of the song you
have to be like five years old at
something some people think that the
