else go back into hiding now we can't
have the dialogue the great thing about
Donald Trump being president is now
we're forced to have the dialogue and
now we have in the conversation on the
large scale each I could provide it the
platform for us to have the conversation
you think that's better that we should
be
conversation absolutely that's that's
that's why there's this happening do you
think the debate over race in America is
happening in a healthy way
well the ideal way is to have a
president that says I'm open to dialogue
in fixedness that's ideal but it's still
happening in a good way because you
can't have a solution until you start
dealing with the problem what you reveal
you heal all right if I have like a
tumor and I don't I know it doesn't mean
it goes away I have to diagnose it first
no matter how it happens if I get hit
with a football and like oh I feel
something there and then I go to the
doctor it still happen right you know
I'm saying so however it happens and we
just get hit with a lot of football I
should use it knowledge either that goes
next to the NFL if you are owner you
