you know you've acquired influence and
not just money but you have your life is
good and then when you listen to the
newest album you thinking he must have
been in a lot of pain when life was good
absolutely yeah I did this to a song
called song cry mm-hmm
the idea of the hook never seen it
coming down my eyes but I gotta make the
song cry tells you right there what I
was I was hiding the strongest thing a
man can do is cry to expose your
feelings to be vulnerable in front of
the world
that's real strength mm-hmm you know you
feel like you got to be this God a
person that's not real its fake I mean
you were unhappy during that period and
didn't have a handle on it or or what
well you compartmentalize right so you
can be you can be inside your body and
be happy but at the core of it something
else is going on right as a you know
