and the other side is like whole
individuals what was that like being in
therapy uh were you what did you talk
about that you had never acknowledged to
yourself or talk I grew so much from an
experience I think the most important
thing I got is that everything is
connected every emotion is connected and
it comes from from somewhere and just
being aware of it being aware of it in
everyday life puts you at it's such a
you're such an advantage you know you
realize that you know someone's racist
toward you now even about you it ain't
about you it's about their upbringing
and what happened to them and how they
led them to this point you know most
bullies bully just happy mm-hmm oh you
got bullied kids so you're trying to
bully me I understand right and once I
understand that instead of reacting to
that with anger I can provide a softer
landing
and maybe um and did you okay I was just
saying I was a lot of fights in our
neighborhood that started with she
looking at are you looking at me you
looking at me and then you realize oh
you oh you think I see you you're in the
space where you're hurting and you think
I see you so you don't want me to look
at you and you don't want me to see you
in such a boner you don't want me to see
your pain you know so you put on this
shell of this tough person that's really
willing to fight me and possibly kill me
because I looked at you you know I'm
saying like so knowing that an
understanding that changes life
completely
was that a moment that came from therapy
yes just realizing that oh my goodness
these young men coming from me stay just
in pain you got to survive
so you're going to survive a model and
when you're going to survive what
happened shut down right you shut down
all the motions right so even with women
you've got shut down emotionally so you
can't connect and then that all the
things happen from their infidelity
connector lyrics I can't connect because
of the way you feel about yourself you
mean yes in my case like it was deep
