happiness with hostility you certainly
do at the mall at Christmastime so I
came back with some happiness knowledge
and happiness equations and I kept going
I said okay what about anxiety that's
what we're all feeling in this recession
well there's two components of anxiety I
went out instead spent time speedy
studying with the psychologists in the
world who know anxiety better than any
other any other kind of emotion and what
they taught me was there's - quite
there's two parts to anxiety what you
don't know
uncertainty and what you can't control
powerlessness and it's not a plus it's a
times the combination of the two is
combustible so anxiety equals
uncertainty times powerlessness then I
got curious again that's just sort of my
theme in life get curious and I asked
myself why is it that in midlife most of
us except for those of us in this room
because you've gotten curious by sitting
here all day why is it that we lose
curiosity in our midlife and I went out
and studied that and I learned that in
fact when we're young and children were
what we have a sense of wonder
in fact the wonderful wonderful world of
Disney and when we're older we have a
sense of awe we see our place in the
world and it's quite small but we see
ourselves as something bigger and part
of something bigger well The Economist
magazine studied this too and they
actually came up with a great article
cover article in December the joy of
growing old which I appreciated since
I'm actually 50 now
at the bottom well no yeah that's not
old I'm sorry I'm sorry for this mom and
dad that's not all yes I fifties not all
I promise so here's the u-bend of life
when we're kids and when were 18 we're
happy that's what it says and then it
starts going downhill and it goes really
downhill between age 35 and about 50
kids you know not you you name it a lot
of things happen aged 50 and up we start
getting happy again and every decade
gets better and it has a lot to do with
curiosity that's what they found all
