Long Beach Poly High School Long Beach
Poly high school so long story short is
I decided I lived even though I had had
some almost a death wish on some level I
decided I want to learn something from
this so I took Abraham Maslow's
hierarchy of needs
I'm sorry Victor Frankel's man's search
for meaning book and I turned it into an
equation because I needed something on a
daily basis to remind myself quite
silently about how to get through the
day when you're having a bad day and I
did it because this almost became my
mantra on a daily basis despair equals
suffering - meaning it's almost like
sacred algebra suffering if you're in a
prison like you like Abraham Maslow or
like my son who is in San Quentin or as
a CEO who didn't want to be sitting in
that chair anymore suffering can be a
constant actually if you're a Buddhist
it's a basic noble truth of Buddhism
meaning is the variable you focus on the
variable of meaning you have less
despair understand ok that's what I
