depression myself so that's chip what
was interesting for me was something
happened to me two and a half months
later after the memorial service I broke
my ankle
actually about six weeks later got a
bacterial infection in my leg
infested my leg was on strong
antibiotics and I was in st. Louis again
strangely enough I was in st. Louis to
give a speech I was on crutches on
antibiotics I should have been on
antidepressants but I was definite and I
was talking about joy of life and and
self-actualization of all things and I
was there and on a stage like here I
gave a speech i sat down for the
questions and answers because I was on
crutches and when people came up and had
me asked me to sign the book I went
unconscious
and within 5 to 10 minutes when the
paramedics arrived I went flatline
I died this is three years ago this is
August 19th 2008 so right after chip
died I died I came alive I came back to
life they still don't know what happened
my father my mom and dad are here today
for the long beach I you know I grew up
