about aggressive people which is a toxic
type and I don't mean we're all
aggressive so I try to get that out of
the way it's not like oh some people are
regressing some others all humans are
aggressive but there are toxic
aggressive types and what I want to
train you the reader to look at is to
not look at people's what they say or
their appearance but to look at their
actions and the patterns of their
behavior so for instance I talked about
Howard Hughes in Chapter four as
somebody who's got a very weak character
who was a horrific businessman and
people were lured in by his image of
this sort of Maverick aviator right kind
of you know great a Hollywood person etc
but if you looked at the patterns of his
behavior you would have seen that he was
actually quite toxic so stop looking at
what people say about themselves and
look at their actions and what's the
