followed by moments of extreme
irrationality it's what I call the
animal spirits in us we actually get
pleasure from from our emotions from
feeling anger from feeling outraged if
you're out
rage and anger and hate can become
addictive it's the only way you feel
alive it gives you a rush of adrenaline
god I hate that person I hate Don with
job I want to kill Donald Trump just
actually something it kind of it becomes
literally about a physical addiction and
people are addicted to these emotions
it's the only way that they can feel
alive and to actually sit back and have
to think about what they're saying on
Facebook or how they're responding is
painful it's unpleasant it means
accepting that they could be wrong that
maybe their convictions and their
outrage is misplaced that their anger is
foolish nobody wants to admit that sort
of thing I'm righteous I know what's
right everybody else and you know
one of the main things in the book is we
humans have aggressive impulses I don't
care who you are the sweetest most
lovable person has aggressive impulses
and we have to find a way to channel
them that are socially acceptable
well venting our outrage in social media
and getting angry and saying I hate
these people screw them I'm gonna you
know I'm gonna beat people up there's a
way to you to vent your aggressive
impulses but disguise it to yourself
like I'm not fighting because I'm
violent I'm fighting because I believe
in a cause actually you're fighting
because you are violent that is the
primary motivation sure so we can wrap
