sort of see is the culmination of all
your work why did you conclude what why
did you give the most valuable real
estate in your book to death well it is
the end so why should it be the last
chapter it's sort of like if I'm talking
about how we have certain qualities that
we have to accept and through accepting
them try and move past them so I'm
trying to tell you you feel Envy accept
that and now find a way to make Envy
useful and I explained how you can start
instead of feeling Envy you can start
feeling sorry for people who have less
than you you can start using your envy
of powerful people to emulate them etc
well death is the ultimate barrier for
all of us not just physically but
psychologically I maintain that human
beings are messed up
screwed up in so many ways because of
their awareness of death and their fear
of death it is through this fear that we
created all kinds of superstitions that
we created the idea of an afterlife and
so it's like Montaigne I end the book
with a quote from Montaigne and he says
the ability to think about death and
overcome the fear of death is the
ultimate freedom you're enslaved by this
fear you're not aware of it it's
controlling you overcoming it is the
ultimate freedom I have to end the book
on that but the idea is most people are
gonna say oh that's not me as they say
and for all of these chapters of other
people they're irrational not me yeah oh
I'm not really afraid of death I I play
video games and I'm always killing
people in it i watch movies people are
always dying to so I'm not afraid of
that that's a cartoon version of death
our culture was permeated with cartoon
versions of death your death is
something physical it's going to happen
to you it's a very visceral thing you
are afraid of it no matter how many
video black ops games you play you are
still afraid of your own death and that
fear is creates what I call latent
anxiety it makes you fearful of a lot of
things in life and you're not aware of
it it makes you cautious about failure
it makes you cautious about taking risks
so I'm trying to show you that your fear
of death has infected you on many many
levels and so I compare it to this I use
the metaphor in the book I don't use
many metaphors but this is one I use is
that death is like this vast ocean that
we stand on the shore of most animals
are not aware of their mortality we are
the only species as far as we know
that's aware that's mortality and here
you are on the debt on the shore of this
immense vast ocean you don't know what
death is or what it's going to be and
you're afraid of it and you turn your
back to it and we humans have the
ability to explore things to conquer our
fear and I want you instead of turning
your back to actually enter that vast
ocean
and get and and explore it and I show
you ways of exploring the actual thought
of your own mortality and how it can
free you and inspire you in many ways do
