doesn't fit in because it's not natural
to us our natural frame our natural
starting position is when something bad
happens why me you know to feel sort of
a grievance to feel that things aren't
fair to feel that other people aren't
giving you what you want or what you
deserve we start from a position of
feeling kind of sorry for ourselves
right we deserve more than what we're
getting and so a lot of what I'm talking
about in this book is overcoming some of
these natural elements in human nature
and turning them around and using them
for another purpose another way and more
fatty is very powerful in that you train
yourself to accept everything that
happens it's sort of a banality to say
that things happen for a reason but
there's some truth to it it's like for
Nietzsche it was this is life life
involves pain life involves adversity
you're going to die one day and it's not
going to be pleasant your friends and
family members they're going to die one
day and it's not going to be pleasant
you're gonna have failure in life people
are going to hurt you but that is life
that's what it is
so to resist that to be angry about that
means to not love life itself
and he wanted to turn that around and
for you to embrace life because you only
have one go at it and to embrace even
the pain he was he was struck in a very
early age this is woman that entered his
life named Lugh andreas Salome
I talked about her in the art of
seduction and she wrote a poem about how
I embrace the pain that life has given
me I love it
I not only accept it I love it and he
was so shaken by that and he thought
this was such a powerful way of thinking
and being so that you're going through
and you're accepting life as it is and
not wanting things to be otherwise is
not natural but it's extremely powerful
and I show you I give you ways of how
you can adopt this philosophy in your
life obviously you've gone through some
