sense of it yeah not just once but over
the course of their life yeah I want the
book you know this is kind of the
longest book I've ever written and I
apologize for that it's the longest book
I've written and I'm trying to immerse
you in a whole way of thinking I want to
alter how you think about people from
the inside out so it's not like I've
come to you with all the answers that
now you just read my book and you have
to apply what I say
ABC and you will somehow magically
succeed in life you have to take this
information and apply it to yourself you
have to look at yourself and realize I
think why you are irrational when you
feel Envy what your shadow is like what
your attitude is towards life I'm posing
a challenge to you and the book is sort
of will you meet this challenge so in
that sense it is kind of open-ended and
it depends on the reader well that's the
