appeal to reason it strikes me that the
laws of human nature is sort of about
the war between our two selves our
rational self and our higher rational
self yeah and I'm just curious how you
think about that battle or that process
of how do we get from one to the other
we're I guess descending from one to the
other well it's the paradigm for the
whole book it's the opening chapter and
I told you the paradigm is to understand
who you are in order to change who you
are so log number one is we are governed
by emotions
we are irrational we think we're
rational beings we make rational
decisions we are not we are irrational
and I pound that into your brain showing
you instant after instant why you are
irrational why I am irrational why
you're irrational with that awareness
you can begin to overcome it you can say
oh I have this particular bias
I'm always looking the confirmation bias
I'm always looking for the information
of the news that will confirm what I
already believe when you admit that to
yourself you can do the disconfirming
you can look at other information you're
aware that you have that your emotions
come first and then do you think later I
