you get when you read most books okay
yeah so your book is obviously about
human nature yeah and you said to me you
said the number one law of human nature
is that we deny there is a human nature
in nature and you have a quote from from
forests and the book where he says you
can throw human nature you could throw
nature out with the pitchfork but it
always comes back but so as we study
human nature what is it that what do
what do we discover like what are we
what are we trying to understand as we
study human nature well very simple you
don't know who you are you walk around
in there in your world and you're kind
of sleepwalking you assume you have an
identity an opinion an image of yourself
there's actually somewhat false you
think you're maybe greater than you are
you think you're you whatever that image
is but there's something else going on
inside you you don't know the source of
your emotions you don't know what and
really motivates you what makes you tick
and they say the same thing about other
people so look at it this way we evolved
over hundreds of thousands of years
throw away it's not like we suddenly
changed in 1970 became this incredibly
technocratic sophisticated Pinker like
human being yeah we started out as
primitive you know Homo sapiens and
before that right Homo erectus etc and
in that period we were formed so many
things were formed about us such as just
take one example how we are so
susceptible to the emotions of other
people virality memes etc well that's
something deeply ingrained because in
our earliest ancestors the ability to be
affected by the emotions of other people
was a key to their survival
sure well that is so deeply a part of us
now and we don't think of it we don't
understand that so when you're
interacting with people you're being
influenced by them in ways that you're
not even consciously aware of because of
this virus the susceptibility to other
people's emotions I call these primitive
forces that are operating in you these
primitive forces there are eighteen of
them are is what I call human nature and
so they're actually governing your
behavior and you're not very aware of it
and their governing other people's
behavior I'm trying to open up this
world to you and give you like a key to
decoding some of the things that are so
mysterious one of the primitive forces
