to criticism their means to each other
what can be done about something like
that well I mean I think this is
actually a really big problem another
search litter shard this is still a
little bit early so it could go a couple
different directions but it looks like
the research literature is triggered
towards a place that's making it pretty
clear that social media for the teenage
brain is a really bad mix from from a
mental health perspective from a health
perspective and so my prediction is I
wouldn't be surprised if let's say five
years from now the idea that you would
let a teenager use social media or think
about that like we think about smokey
yes
that the teenage brain was too
susceptible to nicotine so we figured
out okay you don't what teenagers the
the smoke because it's developing in a
certain way where the nicotine hits it
really really strong I think we're gonna
see that with teenagers social media
that what's this was reengineering to
play off of these psychological voter
abilities against to look at it all the
time you combined that with the
adolescent brain and the mix is
explosive and we see these trends it's
really really distressing you look at
mental health disorders you look at
hospitalizations for self-harm or
suicide attempts you look at it by birth
year right as soon as you get to the the
kids who are bored late enough to have
smartphones with social media starting
in the early adolescence it's right off
