whistleblower and it's a backhoe
industry can you explain a little bit
yeah well this is what's interesting
about smartphones of social media I mean
we think that looking at the photo all
the time is fundamental to the
technology like that's the way you're
supposed to use it it's not the way we
used to use it it's not the way we use
iPhones when they first came out it's
not the way we use social media when it
first came out to make phone calls and
listen to music make phone calls whilst
abused I could social media you would
you would post something a baby come
back later that we could see if someone
else had posted something did they re
engineering experience so that it would
be all about social approval indicators
coming to you all day long
right so every time you hit on the app
by getting to like the like button was
it they're they're my favorites am I
getting tagged at photos that was on
purpose because they realized if they
could have something you couldn't see
about yourself every time you hit the
app on your phone you get a slot-machine
effect and people get devastated when
they post a picture and they don't get
enough likes and they're like oh my god
what's wrong with me yeah at trista so
Trish thought Harris this whistleblower
from Google he claims that Instagram was
even artificially holding back
the favorite saw the photos because they
had studied the reinforcement schedules
for slot machines I'd realized a few
subtypes see da feed and you sometimes
see a lot it's much more compulsive to
come back it's so like a lot of what I'm
arguing is this idea that you have to
use the phone all the time
that's not fundamental to the technology
that was essentially engineered by a
small number of companies because they
had to get those revenue numbers up
before their IPOs now are we talking
