happening although I think I should I
don't know why I'm not are you
but you you're you'd like being
self-deprecating that's that's sort of a
is that a defense mom do you have
trouble refined the lower people's
expectations are the better I do in life
well but it's also very charming I mean
that sort of but do you have it can can
you accept that you're very talented do
you know that oh I think I'm wonderful
this is all alright okay well you've
done blockbusters and and indie films
and musicals it says oh it's a wide
range you you still have this um sweet
quirky nice girl image do you think I
should change that
that's what is this intervention really
are you an image I'm worried about the
fact that you're considered a good
person okay what should I do
just like I wondered how you got me a
street my underwear drunk I
think that's a good idea it's been done
I was I'm wondering how you feel about
that about that that's the way you were
perceived is that something that you
that you appreciate or embrace or you
chafe against uh I mean I think that's
fantastic uh if I was supposed to be
like a bad girl that beat God that'd be
exhausting I wouldn't know where to
begin just wake up in the morning like I
gotta think of some to do today
right where you swore an error look at
you sorry yeah you're dear you're
reversing my damage of course you can
say whatever you want see it starts
it's a day you're bad girl I are you
really nice do you think you're a nice a
nice person I don't know do you think
you're a nice person
mmm yeah okay I lied by my Canadian
that's like a thing that's really
stereotypical yeah
that would to say were nice well then
well then our Americans mean is that a
thing of here you're like oh just so
rude yes so mean yeah okay so I don't I
got people I should just lean into that
more well I guess I mean is there uh do
you feel like there's a dark side of you
that is that the world doesn't see I
mean everybody has a dark side so I
suppose that's a not a fair question but
uh what do you think uh yeah you know i
I've drowned my fair share of kittens I
guess you know oh that was unnecessary
yes he really mean he almost but not you
didn't say it loud enough yeah to lived
up to your stereotype all right you
don't want that question huh well I
don't know I mean uh I I think I'm less
secretly dark and more just secretly
boring some I mean like you better no
but but I've been hanging out with me
for my entire life so kind of had enough
of this check again with the charm do
you do you see you can't help yourself
do you think you're boring um yeah I
mean well I certainly think that people
think I'm more exciting than I am I
don't know if you know if I just
straight up think I'm boring or um or
like cuz sometimes you know people on
Twitter will be like I just wanna hang
out with you for the day and I'm like I
don't think you do I think you'll be
pretty what do you think these people
would see that would disillusion them um
I don't know it's kind of like a lot of
a lot of Netflix and like debating
should this be my last cheeto or I don't
know by the way by Twitter standards
that's a pretty sweet thing to say I
just want to hang out with you birthday
yeah look at you know in the most
cesspool no Lyle you know Beauty
impossible I've been amazed that twitter
has been such a good experience because
um the Internet is a dark and dangerous
place and every now and then somebody
says something nasty but it is so
infrequent that I just feel like really
really genuinely very lucky what happens
when people say nasty things um bug you
yeah well I mean I think it it does and
it does more than it should I like if I
if I experience that a lot I don't think
I don't think I would like have want to
have an online presence because it it's
silly how much it makes you like oh well
that's you know because you are quite
prolific on what's your Twitter feed and
stuff I try to be I think I've been I've
been a little bit lazy lately but I'm
gonna and and from what I understand
somebody writes your stuff yeah very
funny highly paid yeah yeah yeah got a
team you do one of those see you yeah
make one of those tweets for me please
you guys it's this it's the yeah at home
I do have any my second what I'm
ordering my service about I'm uh I have
the daily show writers it's like we're
ganna be by man oh that's amazing that
you could get them yeah but then you
know I start age twelve very wealthy
this is what happens uh this this meet
this film the last five years feels
absolutely sincere in its approach you
know they're like there's funny and
charming scenes but but not a lot of a
irony or sarcasm uh is that sincerity
part of what you appealed to you with
this project yeah I think um Jason
Robert Brown the composer is a
fascinating character because he is so a
whip smart and um witty and frankly cut
kind of biting in his humor in person
you know it like the kind of person
where you you never want to get on his
bad side because he could just throw
some you know kind of sarcastic remark
that you'd be like haha oh god that's
gonna haunt me for years
yeah he's just like so viciously
incredibly um quick and um and you know
in some ways it's not that he's it's not
that he's guarded he's very open um but
it's surprising that he he's just kind
of like a sarcastic um kind of uh I
don't even I don't even really know the
word he's what's surprising is that he's
able to so honestly express himself um
in everything that he does in and
especially in
last five years because is a very
personal story for him and it's
incredible that he was so was was so
able to write both sides of of this
thing because both sides being being
sorry being Kathy and Jamie because it
would be really easy to sort of pick a
favorite and be unfair to one of your
characters and he he really says some
things that I think cut through
everybody there's um people talk about
how there's universality and specificity
and he is very specific in this but if
like there are moments in the movie that
everybody comes away from going oh my
god I had that fight with my ex or I you
know this is exactly how I felt when I
met my current boyfriend or or any
variation on that so there's something
to UM how human he makes these
characters that's really exciting so I
don't think it needed irony because the
honesty of it was so beautiful
um sometimes when we touch the honesty's
too much sorry I I was serious for know
all right I know I ruined it but but at
the same time I wanted to I was where I
was thinking of going with that was was
I mentioned earlier that I cried in the
film yeah um and you mentioned that you
cried just reading the manual right do
you like that do you like the fact that
you're in a film that brings out those
kind of emotions and people yeah it
makes me younger every time I get
somebody to cry I'm serious I'm like
Maleficent I'm do you does it
is there something that that appeals to
you about that um I mean certainly it
wasn't my intention to make other people
cry I could yet you know you can only
speak for your for your own feelings
it's I I wasn't really thinking that
people would you know I was like oh this
is gonna have them crying in the aisles
you know it was just um I'm not saying
it's my grand design I'm just saying
that do you like hearing that yeah I
guess so
it means that you had the same reaction
I did and I guess I liked my reaction so
I'm glad that you had that too by the
