know recent reading your resume of glory
at the age of 12 how much do you
actually relate to an actress struggling
the way Cathy did um there have always
been points where I've struggled or felt
inadequate and I think that will be
that's something that everybody
struggles with self-doubt and so it you
know no matter how well things are going
I think there's a little voice inside
your head that's telling you you know
you're not you're not good enough and
while too much of that is unhealthy I
think it's you know what drives people
I'm not too worried about it
yeah um so there have certainly been
points in my career like when I first
moved to LA you know when I was I had to
get like a cashier's check to bring down
to you know the downtown location to pay
my electric bill because it was like
about to get turned off and you know
enough checks had bounced that I had to
bring like a cash or a cashier's check
so you know the actual reality of
struggling as an actress is something
I'm very familiar with but even now
there's certainly the um you know just
the fear of of being inadequate but when
you've been so celebrated and you were
so young and you continue to be now what
was the what were the feelings of where
did the feelings of inadequacy assert
themselves um I mean it's fine by its
nature it's a competitive job you are
always competing against you know at
least ten others canary very talented
gorgeous ladies you know whose work you
admire so obviously you're going all
well they should get rid of her and
she's incredible um so you know it
it's not you know I think sometimes it's
something that comes from within that we
all have but I think it's sort of
heightened by the fact that you know
every job that I get is a competition
hmm now this is a musical mm-hmm and you
