how you use your voice is really
important and it's really driven by
context more than anything else so if
you and your tonal voice will
immediately begin to impact somebody's
mood and then at this immediately how
their brain function says it's actually
scientific data and that out there now
that shows us that our brains will work
up to 31% more effectively if we're in a
good mood so if I smile at you and you
see it or you can hear a smile on
someone's voice if I automatically smile
it at you and you can hear that I like
you I will actually be able to reach
into your brain flip the positive switch
put you in a better mood they're mirror
neurons in our brain that we have no
control over they automatically respond
and if I intentionally put you in a good
mood your brain will be working more
effectively and that already begins to
increase the chances that you're gonna
collaborate me with me you'll be smarter
and you'll like me more at the same time
