collaborate me with me you'll be smarter
and you'll like me more at the same time
now I'll put in downward inflection
downward inflection is often used to say
you know this is the way it is there's
no other way and I will say it exactly
like that if there's a term in a
contract that there's no movement on and
I want you to know it and feel it
without me having to say there's no
movement on this which you know maybe
you want to yell at somebody and that
that's ineffective because that triggers
a different part of the brain and makes
people angry and they want to fight and
I've done this in contract negotiations
I've said things like we don't do work
for hire just like that
well that's the other side no there's no
movement whatsoever I also may need to
put you in a more collaborative frame of
mind and if I want to if I want to ask
you a question I'll say something like
it seems like this is important to you
and I lucked up it's more driven by
context and I can use a upward
inflection to encourage you and smile
while I'm questioning you and that'll
make you feel less attacked by being
questioned because people are made to
feel a little bit defensive when they're
questioned anyway so if I know if I have
to
question you if I want you to think
about a different option that I'm going
to be as encouraging as possible while I
may be very assertive at the same time
