might have a different feeling at that
time so I'm talking different emotions
so I think I actually need to have time
to sit with it a little bit and write
write it through delonix writings third
accident exercise reading writing I
don't know I would say that those were
probably my main three if I was gonna
pick five and the other two that I would
add going for a daily walk would be a
huge one that's one that like I kind of
aspire to because I don't do that every
day but at any time I do it really
benefits me in what ways well you see
this with a lot of anybody who does
creative work in particular that
something about getting outside and
walking I think there's this is just me
spitballing I don't actually have
science but when your body is moving
it's very hard for you one to not be
active mentally like if you think about
someone who shut down mentally what does
their body language look like they're
usually closed off their arms like
they're sitting there not moving very
much try to be closed off mentally and
be dancing physically it's very hard to
do if your body is moving there like
that it's really hard for your mind to
be shut down
mm-hm so that's one thing it kind of
gets like the juices flowing the second
thing and this is where I'm spitballing
I don't know if this is actually true
but I wonder about your non conscious
mind being like a bottleneck sometimes
and so if you're if you're moving if
you're walking it gives your non
conscious mind some
to do so you're like it gets out of the
way and now you can actually like have
this stuff arise or think in a different
way than if you're sitting so I don't
know I think that those are yeah that's
cool
okay so that'd be the fourth thing sleep
