it's gonna be great man final question
for you actually two font of questions
what's the one bad habit you wish you
could break for yourself so I'm working
on new habits all the time there's
always something currently the one that
it keeps eluding me is it's not sleep
it's not the problem I'll sleep long
enough the problem is powering down
early so I like I have trouble shutting
off you know like I don't know if you
feel this way but I've I'm always
interested in what I'm working on and so
then I get to you know there's usually a
I work really well in the morning and
then I work really well late at night I
think it's just because that's why I'm
not interrupted and you know like I kind
of have the space to think but it'll get
to be 10 and oh my god well maybe I
should just dig into that for a second
and then of course you know return yeah
exactly that I'm like I should have gone
to bed two hours ago so that's one that
I keep powering down or finding downtime
