part a second question which I think is
probably the more interesting one which
is what makes my angle different and
what makes this different than every
other book out there about habits so you
can broadly put books about habits into
two categories the first book the first
category is what I'll call motivation
models so motivation models are about
what sparks a behavior how do you get
started how do you get motivated the
second category is what I'll call
reinforcement models so how does it have
its stick how does it last why do
certain behaviors get reinforced and
sometimes books will touch on one but
focus primarily on the other a lot of
the time they'll just kind of live in
separate worlds that's what I would say
is it happening in like the
self-improvement space then you have the
academic space so psychology or
neuroscience or whatever and a lot of
those books are focused on the Y but not
the how they'll tell you they'll tell
you why something happens why a
particularly neuron fires why a
particular biological process works the
way it does but they don't tell you how
to implement it in your daily life and
so what I wanted to do was try to
combine the two why yes why a book that
is both why and how
why do habits form the way they do why
are they important and then how do they
actually work and my hope is that atomic
habits was able to do that largely
because of the framework that I put
together so in the book I lay out these
four stages that all habits go through
and I felt like we needed a new model
because most of the models right now are
either a motivation model or a
reinforcement model but not both okay
and you need to understand what those
sparks a habit and what makes a habit
contains it yes if you want to be able
to understand how they work and not make
them last and what are those four
