faster yeah transfer later and all these
things yeah okay if you were coaching
someone who said I have no clue what I'm
supposed to do with my life I'm lost I
have all these bad habits I smoke I
drink I eat donuts every day I have no
job
my room is sloppy and I'm just depressed
what would you say to them to get
started with changing their life around
in the form of better habits well you
just need to pick one thing first of all
I think that I just mentioned a few
minutes ago one of the most powerful
forms of motivate
is progress so seeing some progress I
mean it can be as simple as make your
bet each day right like but just doing
that embodying the identity of someone
who is getting better
who's making progress just pick one
thing and use that as this is true I
mean Louis this is something you've
probably seen with a lot of people you
talk to oh yeah habits are the
foundation for mastery so if you you
know say take take a sport like
basketball you need to be able to
dribble with both hands without thinking
before you can worry about what strategy
running on offense or what kind of you
know strategic play you're gonna run or
what your defensive scheme is or all
this other stuff
right like you need to automate the
fundamentals of the craft before you can
worry about the next level of
performance same thing is true for chess
you know like you need to know how the
chess pieces move automatically without
thinking about it before you can get
into alright what are you gonna do and
I'm gonna do this and they're gonna do
that and so I think this is true not
just at the peak levels of performance
that you integrate these habits and used
habits as the foundation for the next
level of performance but also true when
you're getting started just build one
small thing carve out a 1% change of 1%
improvement and use that as a stepping
stone to the next what about
