way than if you're sitting so I don't
know I think that those are yeah that's
cool
okay so that'd be the fourth thing sleep
is the fifth and this is one that I
actually am pretty good about so my
cardinal rules I don't cheat myself on
sleep so if I stay up late work till
midnight I'm gonna sleep till later
let's leave it in yeah yeah like I'm not
I'm not gonna get up early because I
don't wanna cheat myself on that but um
yeah I think that those are kind of the
core things it's funny sometimes people
asked like oh how can I double my
productivity or something like that and
you'll see articles like that all the
time like fold this one five-minute
trick to double your productivity but
the real answer to most of that stuff is
like get eight hours of sleep a night
exercise don't eat like crap and then
instantly you have this boost of energy
the fundamentals are covered 90% of it
