contains it yes if you want to be able
to understand how they work and not make
them last and what are those four
frameworks so the first stage of every
habit is a cue the second stage is a
craving or some kind of prediction that
your brain makes I'll give you an
example of these in a second the third
stage is the response and then the
fourth stage is the reward
so you walk into a the question I had
that that no model I could find could
solve in any good way or explain in any
good way was why can the same person
respond to the same cue in a different
way so let's say you get into the habit
of going to the gym at five o'clock
every day but then sometimes work gets
busy and you don't go to the gym at five
o'clock
current models don't explain that very
well because it's like well the cue is
five you should be going to the gym
right now it says you'd the routine
Falls automatically after the cue or why
why does someone walk into the kitchen
and see a plate of cookies and then they
automatically want to eat it but you
could just as imagine it just as easily
imagine that you just got done eating
dinner in the other room and you're
stuffed and you're full and you walk in
you see a plate of cooking just like I'm
stuffed I don't want to eat anything so
what's going on there and I think these
four stages explain it which is you see
the cue or you experience a cue and then
you're craving or prediction differs
based on your current state so the way
that you interpret the cues in your life
is contingent upon the current state
that you're in the way of feeling right
and also other things like your beliefs
or your identity the social group that
you're part of right it's like if you're
in a different group then maybe you
interpret things in a different way you
know you could imagine one group they
practice a particular religion they walk
into a butcher shop and see pork and
they don't they're like oh we can't eat
that right another person walks in and
they're like oh yeah I'll have a pork
sandwich because it's obvious and easy
and right there so what you choose is
contingent upon how you interpret the
cues in your life hmm well I would
