then your brain starts automate how that
process works yeah what makes you an
expert on habits oh man I ston lots of
other people that are talking about
habits why are you talking about it
differently and what have you discovered
that's different than everyone else
okay so two questions there so the first
one is expertise and I think that and
I've said this many times before I'm
just going through this with everybody
else I consider my readers my peers in
the sense that we're all just trying
things out the only difference is I
write about what I learned and shared
each week and but we're all just
learning along the way early on I had a
feeling like that it was like Who am I
to you know I'm just got this and I had
a friend tell me the way you develop
expertise is by writing about it every
week so I wrote a new article about
habits every Monday and Thursday for
three years and that was how I developed
the expertise on the topic by writing
about it did research you said here's
what I found here's what I tried here's
