at the time you can you have a method
for solving that okay writing for me is
huge I don't actually know what I think
about something until I write it that
huh
I find that if there are ideas that you
get it out if you ask me something right
now but I haven't written about before
what is really happening is I'm just
talking my emotions so what I mean is
that you'll ask me something and I'll
get an implicit feeling about what what
that topic is I'll have some intuition a
gut feeling about it and I'll say
whatever that feeling is driving me to
say but I don't actually know if that's
what I really think what I deeply think
until I have the time to sit down the
really logically go through it because a
lot of the time you know if you would
ask me the same question next week I
might have a different feeling at that
time so I'm talking different emotions
so I think I actually need to have time
to sit with it a little bit and write
write it through delonix writings third
