you want to make a film about the issues
facing the modern man why did you have
to focus on the views of these extreme
misogynist of the men's right movement
people like Paul Elam why do you
highlight men's issues by promoting men
who minimize women's issues well you
have to see the film to see why I
interviewed Paul Elam because I had been
a feminist of about 10 years before
making the red pill movie and I all my
previous work was about women's issues
or gender LGBT rights gay marriage that
sort of thing I've always been
interested in gender politics and I came
across Paul Allen's writings on a voice
for men calm and I was shocked and
appalled and offended as a feminist
woman and so I decided to make a film
about a voice for men and the men's
rights movement in the you know the
large scope of that because no one had
ever made a film about the men's rights
movement before
and so we interview I interviewed 44
different people for this film feminists
and men's rights activists and you know
it's a very complicated topic when
looking absolutely Robert just seems to
me that you don't really question their
views in the Delfina film well we saw as
much as we could because your publicist
wouldn't send us the full thing I sent I
say neither babe I sent you the screen
earlier to the program but so we watch
as much as we could here but you could
also buy the film on Google Play or
whenever is that as it may and you know
it just seems from what I have seen of
the bill there's not a lot of
questioning of some of their views
that's all yes there is absolutely if
you've seen the film you would see it
the questions that I asked them their
answers and in this film is not
propaganda I'm not promoting any kind of
view that the viewer should take away
it's simply a journey looking at what
Memphis activists have to say what the
feminist rebuttal is and the audience is
able to make up their own mind well just
