he's finally here with us to share all
his wisdom please welcome the ever
moving the ever align and total rock
star Erin Alexander thank you so much
for that you're so lucky
appreciate you have me come on get
emotional all right going deep right
away okay let's go deep right away
because tell me how you first got
started in all this like give us a
little bit of background because usually
where I like to start like what's that
bit of personal challenge that you had
that kind of brought you to where you
are in your career so the story that I
think may potentially be relevant as far
as like a starting point would be
insecurity okay it's just starting off
in a place of feeling like not enough
not good enough not big enough as a guy
you know maybe like a little bit unsafe
in the world or unsure of myself and so
that translated into packing on lots of
just expanding my biology out form you
know bodybuilding as much as I possibly
could to show the world that I was
enough and then that went into imbalance
because I was so focused on just the
parts that you could see sure you know
as opposed to thinking about like
actually organizing the parts and you
know the parts that I don't just see him
in the mirror I was just thinking about
pecs and abs and biceps and like like
that and then my body literally started
you know falling apart so I started
dislocating joints and started
digressing in sports and you know pain
manifesting like all the things well so
then that led him to attract him moved
to Hawaii and I got into you know all
sorts of kind of different realms we got
into like bodywork and jujitsu and
surfing and just kind of like a
different perspective on the world
coming from life history Pennsylvania
like East Coast just like it totally
pretty stark contrast and then got
interested in putting the parts back
together I would love that you shared
