they can
give all that south fans of code so I
know the book doesn't come out for
another little bit six months yeah so
can you give us a sneak peek into it
before yeah I'm super excited about it
it's probably the most I'm more excited
about that than anything else that I've
been involved with in my life which is
really really cool yeah so essentially
essentially the book is a user's manual
on how to inhabit your body in such a
way that your whole day becomes
beneficial for you yeah so most of us we
murder ourselves for like you know work
or travel or taking care of my kid or
you know it's like okay this I'm kind of
martyring my body I'm kind of like
sacrificing my physical health
yeah to do that I need to get this thing
yeah and then I'm like okay cool I did a
you know 45 minute Pilates class you
know every three days right like that's
my fitness and that's just like that
doesn't make any sense like that's your
body doesn't operate that way right you
