that out then you can start to build and
get into whatever dietary dogma you're
interested in okay so when I first met
you I was interested in some of this
manual therapy that you do was asking
about Rolfing because it's something
that I've actually never done and could
you kind of talk about that because I
know that's something that you that you
studied while you're in Hawaii right
yeah Boulder Colorado so yeah that was
when to the the rolf institutes in
Boulder that there's there's different
instances all over the place but
essentially so Rolfing his last name of
this this lady who's passed away I think
it was an 87 that she passed away I had
a Rolf she called it structural
integration okay
there's kind of founded around
principles of the manual therapy aspect
of Osteopathy and what the heck does
that mean what we're looking to do is
looking to organize all of the joints in
the body via the soft tissue or or
fascia and so if we can get in and
organize the foot and relate to the knee
in relation to the pelvis relation the
spine head shoulders then your body
becomes a self-healing organism as soon
as there's any type of friction or
conflict or instability kind of
imbalance in any one of those parts
that'll kind of send this cascade and
balance through the rest of the system
and then as you move as you're you know
breathing as you're walking as you're
picking something up off the ground
your body's it's almost like you're
creating these little forest fires
inside your joints and so the goal of
structural integration is to realign the
joints via the connective tissue so that
as you move and breathe and you know
live your life you're literally healing
yourself but if you start from place of
imbalance you know it's like it's like
wealth but gets more well
and you know the vice versa the other
direction yeah so alignment baguettes
greater alignment right you know and
then all of a sudden people perceive you
in such a way because the way that you
stand should communicate in a way that
you it creates this feedback loop that's
like oh wow like I'm feeling pretty good
and getting all this feedback from other
people as well you know but a starting
point for all those bigger conversations
is looking at like what are my postural
patterns right and is that a foundation
