back on when it well thank you so much
for coming today was so much fun like
them tell everybody where we can find
you yeah so align podcast if you just
type that in to the internet you'll find
it yeah yeah it's just that's like
that's like so there's all the social
media the websites my podcast comm on
there there's a five-day movement
challenge it breaks down really simple
fundamentals that people can start to
utilize in their daily life it's like
two minute videos they're super funny
and silly and well done so proud of that
and that's it and well fine you can find
the align band and all the goodies thank
you so much for coming in jury just egg
water I love it thank you so much I'm so
happy loving appreciate thank you guys
so much for joining us today on Serena
loves TV you can binge watch all the
episodes at wwl-tv and on the ever
talked app at Apple TV and Roku thanks
so much see you next time
