different approaches there and and sort
of where you begin to get momentum yeah
when with this first happen I would turn
to you like what am i doing next like
what's the answer like you were reading
from what 4:00 in the morning to 8:00 in
the morning every single day and then
you were going to quest so all morning
it was dedicated to that but then you go
and build the business and so for me I'm
just like it's all-consuming it's every
ounce is every moment of my day is
consumed by am I in pain can i II I'm
starving I'm getting dizzy but my
stomach hurts so I can't eat like that
how I was um every single day feeding
and so when it came to the point where
you were like somewhat you have to like
take ownership some of this has to be on
you I'm understanding the knowledge but
then a you have to be you have to
reciprocate
you have to show me that you're
listening and we're gonna try things and
you can't be so dogmatic cuz I was so
fearful of food at that point and I
think that caused a little bit of strain
for me in you because I just want you to
nurture me cuddle me and be like
everything's alright babe here take this
and you'll be fine and over time as it
just got I thought it would be a we
cannot be fine and right in a month
later two months later three months late
and I'm like wow started we thought this
was going to be fine we'll go to Vegas
another time and it obviously wasn't so
