really care they said they really care
this is a good quality because actually
initially I also thought the quality of
food was just a ripoff Organic is just
it's just a way to add a couple of bucks
to a grass-fed that's utter BS like it's
just a way to get money from rich people
is what I thought and I would get
continuous stomach ache and it's what I
would consider safe foods and eventually
we called up the restaurant and we're
like what do you marinate your chicken
because it was just grilled it was
literally grilled chicken what do you my
sesame oil I didn't know that was a
thing but you can't see it
so it never dawned on me that it was
that type of thing and it was like other
restaurants that had great reviews you
know massive and yell open we went to an
Italian restaurant Italian not like a
fast food chain that you know coats
itself is done it wasn't actually an
Italian restaurant and I always now say
because I understand hidden oils so I
always use the phrase a hundred percent
olive oil not olive oil has to be 100
percent so I'd said to the waiter
do you use 100% olive oil oh I'm not
actually sure and I stopped with a mast
like it's all a woman on the table so he
goes off he comes back and he tells me
this chef chef said no they don't have a
hundred percent olive oil that's when I
took the little button I'm like yeah but
there's olive oil on the table that they
you dip your bread in he's like that's
not a hundred percent olive oil it was
mixed with canola and I'm like you're an
Italian restaurant you have a book
two on the table and it's not a hundred
percent that's good oils blended oil
that's when I realized that you sadly
cannot trust anything and that's where
you if you're in a situation like myself
you have to take full control over it
now here's the other part of it
you take full control but what happens
is you become psychotic and I recognize
that I've become psychotic right and and
it becomes that now I've put fear into
myself when I eat out and what does that
fear do it stresses me out well what's
bad for the gut in your digestion yeah
stress so it's like this addressing
issues staying calm taking deep breaths
calling ahead of time finding out what
restaurants I can go to asking do you
have a hundred percent olive oil because
if the restaurant says now I just won't
go yeah that that has been maybe the
