nothing else I did in life could I fix
you maybe and it came to I had to take
ownership I had to start doing a diary
going back to like what can people do at
home is a big thing which I know may be
controversial I came to the conclusion
that everything is my fault so with me
being this sick as I am yes the doctors
gave me antibiotics they didn't
force-feed me I took them myself
I swallowed them myself secondly when
the doctor said you know I shouldn't
really be prescribing you this minibar
antibiotics but here you go did I ever
ask why did I ever go on the internet
and say what does long-term antibiotics
do to you no never so did the doctor
make me have a restrictor diet right so
all these things are in Mike how did
that help you for the people at home who
are screaming at their sight it allowed
me to recognize that if I can do this to
myself
I can also heal myself and taking full
ownership of that instead of saying I
can't I don't know why me this isn't
working right I can do that or I can say
this is your fault you got yourself into
it but the great news is you can get
yourself out of it and having that type
of ownership started going what does
that look like what does full ownership
of this condition mean it means that I
have to write down every single thing
that I eat it means I have to write down
every bowel movement now I have I have
to even write down what I do when I eat
where did I eat did I eat at home while
in a meeting did I eat at home by the
swimming pool and starting to look at
patterns because in your mind is like
there's no pattern and then I would look
half to two weeks and I'd be like
that's really funny the three times I
during the shoot which is a pattern I
noticed every time an impact Theory
shoot was on I always got problems but I
would eat the same thing now until I
rode it down and started to notice those
patterns I wasn't able to address it so
ownership to me meant that I could take
control it meant that I could start to
fix things and then start to pride
myself on being right we talk about this
all the time
pride myself on being the person that is
going to keep going to find the right
answer and that is why how I can take
