entirely of judges like that I want to
assure you this is not the case the vast
majority of judges of
very good I agree and they care about
justice and they could have made a lot
more money if they wanted to be a trial
lawyer and instead they cared about
justice and they made less money because
they care about justice and that's why
their judges I feel that same way about
police officers yes like there's so many
interactions with so many different
people with police officers that the
very few that stand out that are
horrific we we tend to look at that like
this is evidence that police are all
corrupt and that I think that's crazy
no most most police are very honest yes
and and and and and like personnel that
I know of very honorable ethical people
yes and much more honorable ethical than
the average person that's my impression
that is my impression as well but and
that's not to suggest that we complacent
and assume everyone's honest and ethical
and obviously if somebody is is given a
a trusted place in society such as being
a police officer or a judge and they are
corrupted then we must be extra vigilant
against such situations yes and take
action but but we should not think that
this is somehow broadly descriptive of
people in that profession I couldn't
agree more
I think there's also an issue with one
of the things that happens with police
officers prosecutors and and anyone
that's trying to convict someone or
arrest someone is that it becomes a game
and in games people want to win yeah
sometimes people cheat yes yes I mean if
you know if you're a prosecutor shoot
you should not always want to win there
are times when you should like okay I
just should not want to win this case
and then you know like just pass on that
case sometimes people want to win too
much that is true I think also the
makeup becomes tough if you're if you're
like a district attorney you know you
use intend to sort of see a lot of
criminals and then your your view of the
world can get negatively yes you know
you have a negative you know you have a
negative view of the world because you
know you're just interacting a lot of
criminals but actually most of society
has not consist of criminals right and
how actually had this conversation at
dinner several years ago with just tree
of Tony I was like man I must sometimes
seem pretty pretty dark because
you know man there's some some terrible
human beings out there and he was like
yep and he was like dealing with some
case which consisted of a couple of old
ladies that would run people over
somehow for insurance money
it was rough like wow that's that's
pretty rough that's like it's like hard
to maintain faith in humanity if you're
a district attorney but but you know
it's only a few percent of society that
are actually bad and then if you go to
the worst say 0.1% of society or the
worst one in a thousand one in a million
you know like how bad is the millionth
worst person in the United States deep
damn bad like damn evil like you know
the the million thing like the millionth
or one in a million of evil is so evil
people cannot even conceive of it but
there's 330 million people in the United
States so that's 330 people out there
somewhere well by the same token there's
also 330 people who are incredible
angels and unbelievably good human
beings yeah on the other side but
because of our fear of danger we tend to
our thoughts tend to gravitate towards
the worst-case scenario yes and we want
to frame that and it's one of the real
problems with prejudice we want and
whether it's prejudice towards different
minorities or prejudice towards police
officers or anything it's like we want
to look at the worst case scenario and
say this is an example of what this is
all about and you see that even with
people how they frame genders some some
men frame women like that they get
ripped off by a few women and they saw
all women are evil some women get fucked
over by a few men all men are shit and
in this this is very toxic and it's also
it's a very unbalanced way of viewing
the world and it's very emotionally
based and it's based on your own
experience your own anecdotal experience
and it can it can be very influential to
the people around you and it's just it's
a dangerous way it's a dangerous thought
process and pattern to
it is it is a very dangerous build
