my most memorable year is 2006 you know
when I was growing up I didn't have a
lot we can have a lot of money but I was
the luckiest guy in the world because I
think in life all you really need is
somebody who believes in you and my mom
had absolute unconditional love for me
my mom got diagnosed in 2005 she was
diagnosed with ovarian cancer stage four
and I remember taking the doctor outside
and saying this can be cured of course
and he said highly unlikely in stage
four and I said well if it can't be
cured how long does she have and he said
about a year
deep down I thought that somebody with
my resources could fix that and I think
you learn pretty quickly the cancer
doesn't care
she's the love dance with the Stars oh
my god she's do watch it all the time
and when she was ill without the other
ladies we used to go there and we used
to watch the show yeah one day I went to
see her and and she looks at me and she
says uh-huh
I love you Robbie
and
and then she looks away and she was gone
well she'd loved seeing me doing this oh
god when they asked me to do this show I
said yes immediately cuz I know how much
it would have boys month long she would
have been so happy and she would been
cheering
this waltz just for you Bob
