go wow wow how could I ever have done
that in a different manner in the past
you said the iPad is the clearest
expression for our vision of the future
of personal computing Mac sales are
holding steady iPad sales continue to
fall why is that well you know we make
both and I'm happy with whatever people
choose to buy some people will only buy
Mac some people only buy an iPad and
many of us want both honestly and so
what we tried to do with the iPad is
bring even more productivity features to
it I think a lot of people that may be
buying pcs or something may look at this
and decide they'd rather have an iPad
pro and that's great I think people that
have an iPad will want to upgrade and
but the Mac remains very important
tuition so I see it as both of them are
computing devices and I we're going to
keep investing in both because we think
both have a great future one of the
