that's sad is it okay to get like sad
I'm not like yeah hi okay for starters
what I'm gonna say is I think it's like
not that we like mirrors but it is like
looking at me right now because I'm the
same way
and for me I would tell you like what
you're crazy what are you talking about
you're not a monster you're not fat
you're not ugly like what the fuck are
you talking about
and that's what my friends tell me
that's my boyfriend tells me that's what
my therapist everybody has told me that
but like it's literally like shut up
you're lying you're lying I'll never
believe you but so yeah the last year I
did the same thing I was like you know
what like I'm just not gonna like look
at any pictures not my tagged pictures
I'm not gonna like a little bit
literally anything and it helps
sometimes like I'll have like a good
week and then like yesterday like it hit
me again and I was just like I literally
want to get out of my body and go
somewhere else like he's just like I'm
fucking done I'm fucking done I'm over
it and you know and so yeah I don't know
I feels like there's no cure hi you know
and it's just like I don't know
it's it's crazy that we're all like no
that's what we do yeah we literally put
ourselves like you recovered from it but
I feel like after the same as you're
describing and it's it's just weird that
you can't like grow when I get over it I
don't know it's so strange you would
think that I would get over it a certain
point when you do videos every week and
podcasts yeah I don't know if it says
extreme but I like I hate like when
Ethan is editing a video or something
and I have to watch it I just I almost
just don't even want to look she makes
me cut a lot or like when your voice is
heard or when your but and I know that
everyone listening would be like what is
wrong with you you're crazy you're being
crazy yeah you know what used to always
piss me off I would be looking at a
picture of myself and I'd be like this
is the worst picture of me ever and then
my mom would walk up and she black what
are you talking about that's just how
you look like don't understand I want
you to tell me that's a bad picture oh
my god really like I've been the most
triggered since maybe four years ago I
hadn't worn shorts in 15 years or
something and I was on the beach with my
girlfriend at the time and I was like
I'm just gonna wear shorts I don't care
I'm just gonna do it I'm happy right now
I'm just gonna do it and I think I was
even 20 pounds lighter than I am now and
I was walking around with shorts on and
a girl took a picture with me and she
was a nice kid and then she posted on
instagram with hashtag fatter in person
and like what's a fellow I know but it's
like no matter how much my girlfriend of
the time was like you don't look fat you
don't look fat I'm like this girl
confirmed it we can't back down
that's the conspiracy that you know she
proved it like I was like there's
