ourselves so make sure you're
questioning yourself so wait should I
question myself yes
the third step in escaping the matrix is
the word escape right what does escape
mean to you for some escaping the matrix
means going and traveling the world for
years for some it means living in a
monastery for others it just means
letting go of the judgment people are
putting around them and growing up and
having a nice family in a decent house
escaping the matrix means escaping the
system of how the world is telling you
to live it's not saying you have to
escape into the wilderness or escape
from this material world at all you can
still be completely in the world and
beyond the matrix because it can be
something you've decided upon do to
really discovering your purpose so once
you define so once you discover what
escape is to you what it would mean to
you to be in full control of your
reality whether it mean being an
entrepreneur or being a complete
renunciant monk then you have the
freedom to evolve that process you have
the freedom to go fully into it to dive
in to say you know what I questioned
myself I discovered what was holding me
back I released those things and I've
realized that to me
escaping the matrix is this sort of
reality beyond these sort of controlling
factors and then you have the ability to
realize that to go Wow okay I see what's
holding me back I see what I consider to
be the matrix itself and I see what
level I want to rise to both consciously
and in my daily life to put me in a
space where I am outside of the matrix
where I am free of my own judgment of
