the body will start to begin to heal
itself and how does Rolfing differ from
chiropractic chiropractic is focusing
more on high velocity adjustments so
we're going you're getting that that
cavitation that pop Rolfing is focusing
on
connective tissue or fascia and it's
more of like a slow velocity adjustment
and so it's also emphasizing working in
the space between muscles called the
muscular septa so as you're going
through and working with that connective
tissue the goal is for your body all of
your sliding surfaces to be able to do
this you know see you instead of
thinking of yourself as like six hundred
and forty odd muscles individual muscles
you can think of yourself as like six
hundred and forty pockets and it's that
relationship of those pockets if they
start to get bound and stuck together
then that will change the shape of your
movement change the shape of your
movement now of a sudden you start to
have this it's like a rut you know so
every time you breathe you're literally
practicing that breath pattern you know
so when someone's breathing in such a
way that puts them into more of like a
fight flight panic type place ie your
shoulders are hunched up to your ears
and you're kind of activating all these
muscles and you're like could please
someone just rub my shoulders you know
it's like the issue may not be coming
from the actual you know
sternocleidomastoid or trapezius or
scalenes or whatever it might actually
be coming from
perhaps your physiology still being
stuck in some of what of like a fearful
state not feeling safe in the room not
