I don't feel sad everything is just this
kind of gray and you're so getting to
experience that and then seeing the
byproduct was I went into hiding in the
form of bodybuilding no so I went in and
yeah I think you can go like multiple
directions with with things like that
when you're in kind of a numb place you
can you know go off and maybe start
hurting other people or you can go off
and hurt yourself or maybe you start
just doing the route that I did and just
packing on muscle you know and kind of
showing people that I'm strong and I'm
in control you know so my home
environment at the time felt like it was
out of control so then I go into
excessive control and support in my body
you know and then eventually that leads
to the body snapping you know and so
that learned turned into various
different injuries and chronic pain and
stress and anxiety and all that you know
it's like a building you know if you up
or in a you know a high-rise you can
feel the building kind of swaying a
little bit and if you don't know about
architecture you're like oh my god like
this is not okay
you're like no no no like the swaying
like that's what keeps us alive that's
what keeps us safe you know so because
they came from a place of feeling like
oh I'm out of control
I go into hyper control which eventually
goes into a stiff building which
eventually can translate into like
snapping and that's the thing that's
