are things that I want to accomplish
yeah well so I think oftentimes in
conversations like this it's easy for a
person to put them a position of like a
rival you know and okay cool I've
arrived and you know I'm up here and let
me tell you how you do that
I mean I go through self-worth stuff
like before coming over here you know
like it's a regular daily experience for
me and I think that within that I think
talking about it is a really big deal
you know because I think we try to
protect ourselves behind all the things
that I already mentioned and then I
protect and then you protect to counter
that and then we kind of live this like
buffered relationship
it's important I think to talk about
these things you know and make it make a
point to say you know what like yeah I'm
dealing with self-worth stuff or I'm
dealing with I don't feel good like it's
it's it's okay to not feel okay and then
I think that it's okay to want something
different but the the journey is in
really embracing and loving the moment
now and then naturally more like the
child he or she is able to move within
that field of gravity and naturally find
that new motion and know well now I'm
squatting and now I'm standing and now I
felt well I push up and I come back and
I went through this journey wow I'm back
from standing and it was like wow you're
so beautiful it's amazing but meanwhile
the kid had no idea that its end goal
was to you know stand or walk or
whatever it was just kind of dancing and
moving and enjoying that sensation of
pushing and twisting and turning you
know so I think that if you miss out on
your life essentially because you're
always trying to go for that arrive at
that place the place won't come because
you're patterning yourself for that
mindset at some point I'll be there now
so as love if that's your mindset that
you're patterning there's no such thing
is there it's just false summit after
fall summon after fall summit so
certainly you can get to the point more
like that child and enjoy the process of
rolling over to your side and standing
up and walking and smiling and then
eventually you will arrive you know but
I think that it's it's valuable valuable
to have goals but you knew you want to
be able to appreciate the moment and the
journey as you're going well sad where
