or something like that
very interesting you have experimented
with
psychedelics yes sure so what is what's
been some of the learnings from that
what is if anything the the stripping of
the ego or the dissolution of the sense
of self like is that your experience and
has it been beneficial yeah for me it's
been really beneficial
you know like ramadasa he talks about to
get eventually to become nobody is kind
of the goal you first need to become
somebody and he says we grow up being
raised by professional somebody errs you
know so like your mom and your dad and
Shay like your mom she's like she's a
mother and she's a cook and she's a
maybe she's a singer and she has all
these things that makes her somebody and
your dad he's an accountant and he's
drives this nice car and somebody you
know and so that's what we identify with
but all that stuff can be taken away
right away you know underneath all that
somebody Ness is that ocean of oh wow
we're all actually probably kind of
similar we're probably about the same
thing and I've actually had this
experience almost like the first time
that I've ever experienced
really feeling safe and really feeling
loved was during experiences one
particular with five Meo DMT which is
comes from a toad in Mexico and it's
considered to be like one of the most
potent psychedelics and it's a really
fast experience so it lasts for about
six minutes during that experience I had
a really fascinating moment of feeling
as though all of this contraction of
Aaron you know and guarding my heart and
you know having to be perceived as being
strong or thinking that I have to be in
order to be loved you know or I have
enough money or I have enough success
and all that stuff those were all almost
like like binds that I hold and in that
moment for that span of six minutes all
of a sudden it felt as though all those
binds just like washed out my feet and
in that moment it's like oh wow like
that's actually the sensation of love
you know and I think that we can find I
think human connection is an example of
a psychedelic experience or maybe going
for a trip you could travel to another
country it's like oh you're having it
you're going having a trip you know so
you have a seven-day trip in Italy and
that will change your perspective d
tribal eyes you like there's
Campbell talked or perhaps if you don't
have the money or the resources at the
time maybe you could do a six-hour trip
and invest in some psilocybin and get a
guide and you know go up in the
mountains and do that instead so that
