putting too much extense an extension in
my lower back
you know so what is that oh that's the
inverse of what I spent most of my life
as a high school middle school what I'm
trying to tell the teachers that I don't
give a shit you know I'm trying to let
people know that I'm very cool you know
so I kind of walk around like this and
you know what that is is for me it's
protecting myself because if I fail I
was never even trying in the first place
you know so I start to put on that
posture of just so you know guys I don't
actually care about any of this right
now
but then eventually that kind of
disinclined me or calloused myself from
allowing people in so I started off
postural II in this position of letting
you know that I don't really care about
this experience or you or anything
because I actually don't wanna be hurt
by you because I maybe have fear of
abandonment and then eventually that
posture sticks on to me and it affects
the way that I communicate with people
in my daily life and then I start to go
into this life of Solitude so you
