in their life to put themselves into a
better place you're kind of describing
them you know so something that's
interesting is as you're describing just
simply like laughing that's been
hardwired into your system as something
that calms you down you know so it's an
indication that you're doing well so
there's that part like the anchored part
but literally just that exhalation that
or or playing a flute or singing it
after you do all of those things you
feel so much better because you're
literally playing your physiology you
know so as opposed to if you get
surprised obviously in you go you know
so you're playing your physiology saying
okay one time to light up and go we got
to bust the door down and get out of
here versus it's like oh we're having
sex or we're laughing and we're playing
a song you know so you can start to tap
into all of those ancient physiological
systems just through doing something as
simple as like having a laugh you could
like laugh therapy go to like laugh yoga
or something like that
very interesting you have experimented
with
psychedelics yes sure so what is what's
