in my daily life and then I start to go
into this life of Solitude so you
actually think this rabbit hole is
really interesting so talk to me about
that talk to me a little bit about what
happened with your dad and how your life
is a reaction to where you started you
said that you had a pretty sort of
bright line at 18 that sent you on a
whole new path yeah yeah I had a really
miraculous experience of my dad becoming
really addicted to drugs crack
specifically around when I was 16 and
yeah he ended up I mean it was really
bad he was like essentially on the very
he's hanging on to life by like a hair
you know like the fact that he was like
I would literally rehearse his death
every day probably I don't know like a
strange number of times
82 more than that times just like going
through like bracing like okay
pretty sure this is it you know somebody
to come home and he's gonna be you know
overdosed rumor he's gonna I'm gonna get
a call this gonna be gone but the
aftermath of that is one changing my my
posture changing my emotions I kind of
went through like it's called anhedonia
which is essentially like feeling numb
to the world like no I don't feel happy
I don't feel sad everything is just this
kind of gray and you're so getting to
