I've sort of been what's that try one
yeah I will but see here's my problem my
problem is to me the high-order bit is
connectivity right the high-order bit is
being in touch connected to a network
that's why I bought the envoi at a
cellular modem in it and I don't think
the world's about keeping my life on
this little thing and I are eating it
into my computer when I get back to my
base station I think that that to me
what I want is this little thing I carry
around with me it's got a keyboard on
because if you're doing a mail you need
a keyboard until you perfect speech to
speech recognition you need a keyboard
yeah you don't sit there and write stuff
you need keyboard and you need to be
connected to the net so somebody would
just make a little thing where you're
connected to the net at all times and
you go we'll keep we're like Annie mate
with a mote a minute my god I'd love to
buy one but I don't see one of those out
there and I don't care what OS it has in
it so I you know I I don't want a little
scribble thing but that's just me that's
