it the total is less than the sum of the
parts and so we had to decide what are
the fundamental directions were going in
and what makes sense and what doesn't
and there were a bunch of things that
didn't and microcosmic lee they might
have made sense macrocosmic lee they
made no sense and you know the hardest
thing is when you think about focusing
right you think well focusing is is
saying yes No focusing is about saying
no focusing is about saying no and
you've got to say no no no NAND when you
say no you piss off people and they go
talk to the San Jose Mercury and they
write a shitty article about you you
know and it's really a pisser because
you you want to be nice you don't want
to tell the San Jose Mercury the person
that's telling you this you know just
was asked to leave or this or that is
that so you take the lumps and apples
been taken their share of lumps for the
last six months in a very unfair way and
it's been taking them you know like a
like an adult and I'm proud of that and
there's more to come I'm sure there's
more to come to me some of these I read
these articles about some of these
people that have left I know some of
these people they haven't done anything
in seven years and you know they leave
and it's like you know it it's like the
company's gonna fall apart the next day
and and so you know I think there'll be
stories like that that come and go but
focus is about saying no and the result
of that focus is gonna be some really
great products where the total is much
greater than the sum of the parts and
