valuable human life is you have more
respect for yours and fathers you say in
the book your life after childhood has
two main stories the story of a hustler
and the story of a rapper what's your
story now uh I guess it still is both
intertwine oh I'm a person of of
experience and wealth of knowledge and
all these things that I've been through
and all these things that I've seen and
I've seen you know both sides of the
equation you know you mean by having
almost nothing when it comes to money
and resources and then having almost
everything yeah and and the people and
and the exchange between people of all
different worlds you know so I really
come to the conclusion that we're
basically the same we're all the same
like and it sounds like some some speech
from high up but we're basically all the
same you know once you take away who we
are take away where we come from you
know we pretty much have the same thing
you know you ask the person who they
love the first thing they're probably
says their mother you know the oil bit
their husband or whomever I mean we all
love the same thing we all want the same
thing we all have the same fears
fear failure we all have the same
