that's how we started getting money to
live and eat describe what being
homeless is like well big homeless sucks
okay okay no you're looking for a place
that you know an especially with a child
it's just not a good thing but you
improvise I learned that when you sleep
in a car
my son slept in the backseat but when
you sleep in the front seat which has
more room your head goes below the
steering wheel because the night you
flip over well your head is that big
your body's that big so if you're
handsome to the story well it's easier
to flip over so you learn little tricks
along the way
what I didn't get about this was you had
the ability if you wanted to ask friends
for help or ask your mom why I decided
against that especially when you had a
young kid it was one of the stupidest
times in my life when I was homeless and
didn't go to my mom lived in LA say mom
could have my own room back
it's got still two twin beds my son and
I feed me she would've loved that when
she found us homeless oh she was just
she was beside herself I mean she just
went berserk she could not believe in it
go but she didn't know till years later
what had happened I was too proud it was
stupid I didn't want to tell any of my
friends either I was too proud what
