days you're 22 years old have a young
kid and how do you find out your wife's
walking out well I didn't find out till
I got home I got home one day I was
working over the weekend and this one
job is an announcer for the second
annual sports vacation and recreational
vehicle show in Anaheim California I get
home and as I'm going we have one car as
I'm going up the steps we were second
level apartment my wife's coming down
and she's I'm going to have the key sure
gave her the keys right and she got in
the car and took off well by the time I
got to the door she was in the car
starting and going out the driveway open
the door and all of a sudden surprise
there's my two and a half year old son
sitting on the floor and a bunch of
clothes and there's a note can't handle
any more better off with you good luck
I'm gone and unbeknownst to me for three
months she didn't pay any of the bills
no utility no rent she would keep the
money and rip up the bills she picked up
the mail I never did so I didn't know we
were posed for eviction and our
electricity be turned off had no idea
but that's how it turned out what little
we had in the bank was gone how did you
handle it as soon as I realized what the
world was going on no money no nothing
but a little change in my pocket I cried
I was just so heartbroken how am I gonna
do this you know I've got a little kid
here I'm in between jobs what money I
had isn't there any more and then
obviously I started to deal realize and
we're being evicted the next day and it
was just always there I felt terrible
but when your dad down you look at going
up you can't sit there and feel sorry
for yourself because if you do you're
gonna stay there and stayed there and
stay there my first thought was a car so
