what do you think it is about you that
will make you keep falling when you
learn a trick keep committing to
something it's because I know it's
possible and I'm willing to I'm willing
to struggle through the learning process
and even change what I'm my approach to
doing something just to figure out how
to do it and so I guess I just never I
never wanted to back down from a
challenge you at some point was between
Emily now and you say this is it you got
to do it you know that's that's the best
gauge of should you be doing it or not
it's more about for me it's about
approaching things with confidence if
I'm gonna set up to do something I've
already convinced myself that I can do
it that it is possible if you're
convinced that you're going to fail or
fall or get hurt
that will come to fruition because
that's what you're visualizing I never
vision you know I was willing to get
hurt along the way but I didn't
visualize myself and I think that's what
it is that's what stops a lot of people
and that's really what separates
logically being world champions or from
being as good as they can because oh no
I I am not capable of this or I'll
probably get hurt doing this
and if you approach anything with that
hesitation you're gonna fail
I always approached it like this is
going to work I'm going to figure this
out even if it takes me you know the
idea of falling getting back up again
that didn't really bother me at all
[Music]
same kind of approach I have to my kids
you know if they love doing it I don't
care if it's not considered the cool
thing or you know if it doesn't mean
that he's they're gonna get a varsity
letter I want them to be happy and I
want them to enjoy themselves don't
succumb to peer pressure or adult
pressure to find your voice find find
what you really enjoy and even if it's
something different and it's something
that's not considered cool if you love
doing it you will thrive in it and
eventually you'll be happy because you
continue to do it if I go at it and I
think I don't know if this is gonna work
that's when I get hurt let's pray
together you know I mean it's you can't
just throw caution to the wind and go
out let's see what happens
someone poses a challenge to you and you
have to figure out how to get over it
and so in in doing that in my skating
and also in the business it was like
well these are what's this is what's
coming at us we've got to figure out how
to navigate this and how to succeed and
a lot of people just give up and and
especially in skating I mean that's the
first sign of someone that's going to be
successful it's no matter how far no
matter how successful they get
especially in competition they continue
to challenge themselves because they
want to improve those are the guys that
make it way further than the new and
