beyond accumulation and I feel I collect
me if I'm wrong you know I mean we were
a disrupter and so we were lumped in
with with uber a lot and so there are
lots of opportunities for us to
strategic partnerships with uber which
we didn't do and there are lots of
opportunities for us to be compared with
uber and we doing our best we did our
best not to sort of say anything good or
bad about uber but what we really wanted
to make sure that we could have have the
founders understand is if we're gonna be
a disruptor in the hospitality business
we better be hospitable and so what that
meant was let's be a friendly disrupter
let's actually have a brand that
actually that stands for something let's
actually be more proactive about how we
give back and we do social good out
there let's do things let's in one of
these I said to Brian's let's invite the
CEOs of Hilton and Marriott and Starwood
here with their senior executives and
let's do a day and a half for each
each of those companies teaching them
about data science and millennial travel
habits and what is home sharing and we
did that you mentioned it in a book and
I was wondering it was crazy I didn't
you know well you know what here's the
part that was interesting it's like you
know you were gonna be the villain so
we're the disrupter but it's harder for
them to hate us if we've actually been
generous in our process and we haven't
you know Arne s√∏rensen CEO of Marriott
is on the back of the cover of that book
endorsing the book now that's sort of
surprising that Mary the Marriott CEO is
endorsing a book about Airbnb but yes
have we over time there's a great yeah
Gandhi quote that's in the book that was
that I said it the first day I he
started on the job
Gandhi supposedly said about the British
back in the 1930s first they ignore you
then they ridicule you then they fight
you and then you win and that is the
path of the cycle for all of these
disrupt people we were disrupting
landlords hotel yers corporate travel
managers convention meeting planners
destination marketing organizations that
market cities in each of those cases
there is initially like oh I've never
even heard of them or let's just ignore
them and then there's the ridicule and
then the fight and then that win the
fight we've had with the hotel industry
because we have absolutely become more
of a competitor although I don't think
we're in a deathmatch because I think
the the value proposition of hotels and
home sharing is moderately different our
average length as you agree with that
I've realized that our average like to
say you were a guest or Ivory's like
this day is more than twice as long as a
hotel and that's because we work well
for a longer stay not as well for a
shorter stay and hotels exactly the
opposite they work well for the
efficiency of a short stay not so well
if you're gonna spend three weeks or
four weeks in a hotel room a little box
of a room so long story short is I think
the idea of reaching out to those that
we were gonna disrupt in a proactive way
and friendly way before they get to the
point of actually ridiculing and
fighting us is not a bad idea and it's
