show them you were listening rather than
just lording over them with your ideas
there's a great old saying knowledge
speaks but wisdom listens and I was
giving a talk in Utah recently with the
summit series folks and there there's a
I was supposed to be giving a talk on
wisdom to mostly people who were 2025
years younger than me I'm 58 as of
October what the hell you're 58 yeah
yeah yeah so I as I was going in to give
my talk there's a guy with an owl in
front like okay you know I've never met
an owl and he's got the owl on his arm
and so I get put the owl in my arm and I
said so why is the owl the wisest animal
or bird in the forest and he says
because it has the most acute listening
skills it can hear everything
and so that really is an interesting
analogy to the elder the wise elder why
is all there the modern elder is
somebody who's a great listener and
they're not just listening to the story
they're listening for the story one of
the things that you mentioned in the
book and I thought that was an
interesting distinction because there's
always yeah a good story has layers and
there's a story within the story yeah I
think the wiser you are the more you're
able to see what's beyond the surface
and what happened with me at Airbnb as I
was talking with all these young people
and they'd be telling me their story
about why they and their manager aren't
getting along or this or that and what I
was really listening for is what's
beneath the surface that maybe the theme
or the thread that you that sort of
unified here and then not with the
intent of sort of giving them a gotcha
but more just sort of actually asking
questions you know I think the elder the
past was all about the answers but damn
google has all the answers today so I
don't even I don't need to have all the
answers
I either could use if I could be the one
who gives the catalytic questions that
are that feel really nuanced and perfect
for the person I'm giving it to then I
think I have served my role as a modern
elder what was an example early on where
