we have
better system but five-and-a-half years
ago when I joined there are some flaws
in it so I asked a bunch of why and what
if questions that were you know in the
Airbnb world some of them are
blasphemous like well why do we have
hosts review guests hotels don't do that
so I wanted to understand that but some
of the questions I asked and ultimately
on that when I was like yeah I think
it's a good idea but some of the
questions I asked like why is it that we
don't think there's retribution
happening and like if if i guess has a
bad experience with the host have you
seen the data it shows that on the 30th
day which is the last day that people
could actually give a review there's
this huge spike up in reviews on the
last day and their 50% negative whereas
normally they're like 80% positive or
90% positive so people are waiting till
the very last moment to actually put the
review up because they're worried about
retribution we need to change the system
and so we basically I said let's make
remake the peer to peer review system
which was at first thinking like wow
that's something we're not trying to
touch it's been it's it's so the
community is sort of likes it the way it
is but we made two or three major and
fundamental changes to it and made it
