staff however it played in the kitchen
Chang's temper didn't hurt his stardom
he was named one of Time Magazine's 100
most influential people and for his food
the kinds of awards and accolades most
chefs only dream up
but that leave Chang slightly
uncomfortable do a view of the whole
celebrity chef movement I mean it's
changed a lot in the last decade or so
it used to be really awful being shocked
I mean it's so hard and it's a labor of
love in that regard light is better for
a lot of people and you can you know
make a life that you know isn't bleak
and dark
do I lament the attraction that in the
circus that it's become absolutely but I
also think it was a matter of time
before people started to pay attention
to cooking I mean it's a it's got
everything you would ever want a lot of
drama high-stakes stuff
I just don't think cooking is really
that cool though
the end of the day it's blue-collar
labor and it's getting white-collar
treatment so it's a little weird
