I'm just trying to get to the toddler
stage you once gave a I think it could
be described as a tirade if I'm reading
it correctly to your staff but the one
point you made was that you need chefs
who feel the integrity of what they're
doing yeah I don't know somewhere along
the way in my life I started caring
about it maybe that was when I started
cooking on a goal I actually want to do
a good job at things and I just realized
like life's too short to be bad at
something you know
might as well be great at it and try
your best very good we're going to add
our chicken wing mix which I really
fundamentally believe the difference
between a really delicious meal and a
meal that's not so great
isn't the technique maybe not even
ingredients it's just how much somebody
cares about something so if somebody
along the way doesn't care about it I
think it's a reflection on the whole
staff however it played in the kitchen
