a blanket with Craig Robinson for this
wired is looking back to under a blanket
with Craig and offering or and Holly way
they call is robbery is Aubrey Plaza
single done I just answered it that's
none of your business as my grandmother
would say never tell them anything
his Audrey Plaza Spanish yes I am
actually
I just recently did my 23andme and I'm
30 or 31 percent Irish I'm like 34
percent Iberian which is Spanish I'm ten
percent West African that's nine point
nine in your face I'm seven percent
Native American I'm like oh and I'm
point six percent Ashkenazi Jewish I
like to round up to one on that one I
have the exact same numbers and exact
same categories is Aubrey Plaza in
Legend of Korra okay I'm the one that
wrote that one you need the internet to
test if you were in tiny children once
followed me home and said we love you on
the last airbender you're the ice
princess and I had no zero recollection
of doing that voiceover but apparently I
did it for years is Aubrey Plaza in Game
of Thrones
no I'm not in Game of Thrones but I feel
like Peter Dinklage and I have our own
Game of Thrones if you know what I mean
thousands game of Oh was Fred Robinson
