right now
no no I have to do is this yeah yeah
okay yeah um oh my god myself but so I
just walk you to your shoulder I love it
right I love it hey down there what let
me show you something yes but how does
your we run it like this way yeah like
this way move down dress shorter okay
okay you know the wrestlers always
trying to suck you try to come up for me
yeah yeah I could imagine
Oh No if I keep is over your back yeah
well we try to avoid that yes you
looking I'll try to get my head back
when I do makers what I do
I guess you walked I want the men will
just be on your back wheel they're
screwed okay you see what I'm hearing
number now look at much bang I'm not
going to hurt you but I know yeah that's
all but I bring my weak yeah well you
come around
yeah that's not right this right
touching your head is a broken shoulder
