gigabytes in a terabyte so this is this
is 64 thousand gigabytes now one thing
that I am particularly proud of is how
meticulous the organization of all of my
footage is the reason why in these vlogs
I can like always cut back to old scenes
no matter how many years ago it might be
is because everything is organized to a
tee on these drives people always ask me
how I do that it's not that complicated
it's also not that interesting I just
have a system if you make videos you
know what to do all the footage you need
a system
before I draw up my system.out I just
want to share with you a friend of mine
great guy
huge vlogger daily vlogger and he
deletes all of his footage the minute he
clicks upload alright so here's my
system it sort of looks like this ready
I got my Drive so the drive is right
here and then in the drive I've got my
footage folder after the footage
everything's organized by year you pick
your year say you want to dive into 2015
you got your months here then you take
your month so you want to jump into
March and then you've got your days days
are right here
ah here's where it gets sort of
interesting click on March 3rd and March
3rd each camera that you captured on for
that specific day then when you click on
that camera all the files are just
dumped in there in chronological order
and that's sort of it it's super super
basic I even was like very insecure
about making this video because even
though I get asked about it on a weekly
basis that seems so boring and obvious
to me that I don't know why you would
think this is interesting if you didn't
