turned and edgy through this system
grabbing on to the leg so we're going to
take a little kettlebell and we're gonna
drop that down into once you drop the
kettlebell right around just medial or
inside of this little bony landmark here
it's called the axis anterior superior
iliac spine that we deal here grab that
kettlebell and drop that in to let's get
the face looking forward that's cool
these couples are actually kind of rad
shameless plug but because they have an
edge so you can take that edge and drill
it into that space just medial of the
ilium so you're starting to kind of dig
out a bit through that pelvic Bowl you
don't need to be overly aggressive with
this less is gonna be more and you can
start to play with slowly reaching
through the foot grow that leg imagine
you're between two panes of glass and
you're growing that leg really long and
then you can shrug that hip back up
again keeping that low back connected
with the ground the whole time and then
shrugging nice and long this is like
super helpful for me actually really
helpful for blood flow this can be kind
of a bottleneck for a lot of people so
starting to open up that that that blood
there's gates and then you can start to
turn the hips to the left boom boom boom
and to the right and just seeking out
any type of gunky stiff hardened
dehydrated at he's tissue
and breathing into those parts so I
found a spot here so I'm just going to
kind of wrinkle myself left
wrinkl myself right you can start to
again drop that leg down and drop that
leg back up kind of about to pass out
forgetting that we're actually recording
a video right now but you guys should be
doing the same thing so really focusing
on relaxing your body as you're in this
position as we're doing this we're
thinking about parasympathetic nervous
system they call this the second brain
that's like a cat brain it's got as many
neurons as the brain of a cat millions
of neurons
interlace throughout your abdomen here
and throughout your guts and so we want
to really speak some breath and speak
some some calmness tranquility serene
all these unnecessary additives but
relaxing this space so you can visualize
as you're doing this you could visualize
fluid moving down through the abdomen as
you're breathing in your breathing that
fluid up through your nose all the way
down your throat all the way back your
spine all the way down your pelvic floor
down your legs and really feeling into a
connection from your feet all the way up
into your head that's what we got that
was an excessively long video I hope
that wasn't weird and creepy and to
new-agey for you guys grab yourself a
kettlebell drop that thing on in the
abdomen rinse twist turn breathe through
the nose and soften up that
parasympathetic situation down through
the gut thanks so much for tuning in
