all right I'm here with the winner and
still champion Israel - Anya
which let him settle
a difficult fight an odd fight it was a
hard fight but cliche I did what I had
to do you can see he's gonna be limping
after this look at his leg yeah we look
at his leg up this leg up he touched me
in the first round that was the hardest
show he could land on me and after that
I knew okay I can take his best shot so
I did what I had to do I picked him
apart the legs don't lie his leg up he
was trying to do all the stuff to play
it off what I did what I have to do to
win that fight what did you expect
coming into this fight from him and what
was different
exactly that he plays the game and laws
he'll do all this to kind of like get
you into a false sense of security and
my coach Eugene Mike Andre and Twitter
says you need 25 minutes of sharpness
and focus and I was hoping to touch him
a little more but unfortunately it's
hard to engage with someone who doesn't
want to dance now there were moments
when he did attack but they were few and
far between we used surprised by that no
that's what we expected like I said
in-laws he trusts me I'm Christ I can go
another five rounds while he goes and
laws hoop to a minute on a minute off
two minutes off a minute on that's how
he likes to play the game but you know I
do what I have to do and fight I touched
them up and still were you concerned at
