hey this is awesome you're very you're
beautifully dressed festooned I think
you might even stay beautiful
you've got the Wow the socks and the
shoes and the whole thing I got some
money now man who wants to be a
millionaire Terry Crews wants to be me
well hosting the show is the best way to
do that you had a very unusual career
path I mean even just being an actor and
hosting a game show at the same time is
strange but you started you play college
football you went to the NFL and then
you you wanted to be an artist when you
were a kid I know that when I saw Star
Wars in 1977 I thought this is what I'm
gonna do I was a painting drawing you
know I thought special effects was gonna
be my thing and I had no idea that in
front of the camera is where I was gonna
be not at all we have you been drawing
your whole life like when you were
playing professional football you were
drawing then I was painting what
happened is I would get cut from a team
okay and you know I I played on 16th and
7 years so that happened a lot so I
would go back into the locker room and
ask the players if they wanted their
portraits painted and they're being
tested because that's how I survived I
was always on the end of the roster
there was I was never a big superstar I
was an 11th round draft pick so my whole
thing is I mean humility gets you far
you know I mean sometimes you got to
make some money you got to humble
yourself and I will go back in you know
what's so cool cuz the big stars they'd
be like Mary let's just you I'll get a
little brother a pain and you know I'll
give him some money
and it was really kind of cool but the
thing is I was really good I was very
very good you are very good I have some
of these paintings and these so these
you did these while you're playing while
I was playing I was known as the the
artist football player that was my thing
yeah this is all by hand
thank you
my mother would be so proud I would do
baseball players Wow I would do these
guys chip in to get their portrait
painted or whether they're like you know
you know what we don't want an
individual but paint all three of us it
will Sherratt no it would literally take
